character1: that's it, maria, close your eyes. it's time to go to sleep.

character2: she never goes to sleep that fast for me. you are so good with her, miguel.

character1: i just rub her tummy. you know, it always made paloma sleepy when she was little.

character2: see, that's just the kind of thing i can learn from you about takincare of babies. i'm so glad we're going to be together for the next few days, just you and me and our baby.

character1: uh-huh.

character2: he's thinking about charity.

character2: well, as long as the baby's asleep, why don't we go finish our dinner?

character1: i'm not really hungry, kay.

character2: i've got to get him to eat those appetizers with the aphrodisiac tabitha made in them.

stage direction: noise

character2: that came from tabitha's room. i'd better make sure she's ok. i'll be back. what is going on with tabitha? she knows i'm ying to pull out all the stops this weekend, make a big move on miguel.

character3: oh, endora, endora, what have you done?

character2: what is going on in here? you know i'm trying to set the mood to seduce miguel.

character3: yes, and i've been trying to help you. i wanted to tempt charity with a hunk. but then endora got into the act and everything got out of hand!

character2: ok, what do you mean?

character3: i created a hunk, all right, but i had no idea that it would be him.

character2: what are you doing with all these pictures of male models?

character3: oh, just see for yourself.

character2: what? no way! what are you trying to do to me, tabitha?

stage direction: kay sighs

character4: oh, wow. you look amazing.

character5: look, i know that you don't believe me, but --

character3: sheridan, i wish that i could believe you. you know, i wish that i could believe that beth's baby is our son. but, sheridan, i wish that the doctors would believe it so you could get the hell out of this place. it's not possible. sheridan, as much as i want to believe it, you have to accept that our baby is gone.

character5: no, he isn't. martin is our child!

character3: all right. how?

character5: i don't know how to explain it, ok? i don't know how it happened. all i know is that beth's baby is mine. in my heart i know it.

character4: look, no one is going to know that my baby is really sheridan's, so i'm in the clear.

character1: huh, i'll tell you what's clear. you're clearly out of your mind! they are suspicious as hell of you at dr. culver's office, and with good reason, for heaven's sakes, after your last visit, spilling that sugar sack that you were using to look pregnant all over the office floor, and the nurse saw it!

character4: so what?

character1: "so what?" ooh. they are sending you emails, wanting to know what you are up to because they're on to you, bethie. and very soon the whole world is gointoto know that you stole sheridan's baby.

character4: they are not going to know. did you not have your hearing aid turned up, edna? i just told that nurse in no uncertain terms to stop emailing me or i would sue them for harassment. that phone was so hot, it probably gave her a third-degree burn on her ear. no, they're not going to bother me anymore.

character1: you are in for such a big fall, missy. do you know that gwen is suspicious of you? oh, yeah, i've seen it. yeah, she has been all along. wh i if she keeps sniffing around you, huh, watching you, asking questions? oh, it won't be long before she hits on the truth, and then you are going to be the one who's in the psycho ward, not sheridan crane!

stage direction: mrs. wallace laughs

character3: so, you were just about to tell me about beth wallace. she almost made you quit nursing? what happened?

character4: i know what the doctor said, but i'm fine, really, ok?

extra: you can't leave. ms. wallace -- oh, boy. you wouldn't believe what i have to tell you about that one.

extra: i would hold the hand of the one who could lead me places and kiss the lips of the one who could sing so sweet and i would fly on the wings of the bird i knew could take me highest breathe in, breathe out you keep me alive you are the fire burning inside of me you are my passion for life

get more from your makeup.

get makeup plus.

character2: are you out of your mind, tabitha? he'll never make charity forget about miguel. he's a total geek.

character3: well, maybe he was at one time, but --

character2: for all time. how could you do this? how could you mess up like this?

character3: i was just trying to help you by using what little is left of my power to conjure up a man that would make charity forget about miguel.

character2: and that's the best you could do?

character3: well, unfortunately, endora got into the act and decided to add his picture to the ones i was using of the male models to create the ideal mate.

stage direction: endora giggles

character3: this isn't funny, endora. it's very clever, but it's not funny.

character2: well, you and your demon daughter managed to create a real loser.

character3: yes, well, it's not over yet. maybe the spell will turn him into a real winner.

character2: how do you figure that?

character3: well, he's going to get certain attributes that will make women very attracted to him.

character2: what attributes?

character3: here. i took this one's pecs and this one's butt and this one's -- um -- oh, not in front of the b-a-b-y. that's quite an attribute, don't you think?

character2: i think you're crazy.

character3: well, don't you find these men attractive?

character2: them, not him. ok, he could never look these guys, not in a million years.

character3: well, let's not be hasty, kay.

character2: this is stupid, tabitha, ok? no way will this guy ever get charity to even give him a second look, much less forget miguel.

character4: you really look -- incredible. but why are you here?

character4: i just wanted to make sure you're ok.

character4: i'm fine, reese.

character4: good. we all want you to have a really good time while you're up here in the mountains, and i'm going to make sure that you do. isn't that view amazing?

character4: yeah. amazing.

character5: i know the baby is mine, luis. i know it.

character3: ok. ok. hey, let's not talk about this anymore, ok? you know, i came to see you to make you feel better.

character5: you have. still cat t believe you dressed as an orderly.

character3: it's not every day that i get to make love in the psych ward.

character5: yeah. which can only prove one thing.

character5: we're crazy about each other.

character5: i really do love you so much.

stage direction: noise

character5: somebody's coming. you've got to hide. if you get caught, you'll be arrested and thrown off the police force. you've got to hide!

stage direction: key turns in lock

extra: oh, my god.

character1: that gwen is so smart. she figured you were faking that pregnancy right from the start!

character4: but she never proved it, did she?

character1: she will. mark my words, she will.

character4: once again, mother, you are wrong. there's no way gwen's going to find out, ok?

stage direction: computer beeps

character4: oh, got email.

character1: oh, i bet you it's dr. culver's office telling you they want you to come down there!

character4: i told you no one's going to bother me anymore. i just put the fear of god and litigation into that stupid nurse. i am in the cl-- what the hell?

character1: ha! it is dr. culver's office, isn't it? oh, thank you, angels! thank you, thank you, thank you!

character4: shut up! shut up!

character1: what'd they say?

character4: it's the same as before. they're insisting that i go down there, and they want to question me about my la v visit.

character1: well, of course they do! they want to know what you were doing wearing a sack of sugar around your belly, pretending you were pregnant.

character4: i got a question for you, mother. do you want to spend the rest of your life in a straitjacket? now, shut up so i can think! no, i am -- i'm not going to let them intimidate me! ok. ok. they want to talk? fine, we're going to talk. but it's going to be a one-sided conversation, because i am going to put the fear of god into them and i am going to read them the beth wallace riot act!

character3: so tell me what you know about beth.

extra: you wouldn't believe --

stage direction: phone rings

extra: excuse me. doctor's office.

character4: hi, this is beth wallace.

extra: oh.

character4: just who the hell do you people think you are, threatening me?

extra: calm down.

character4: don't you evlr, ever bother me again.

extra: we didn't threaten you. in fact, i'm sitting here talking to a friend of yours.

character4: who?

extra: gwen winthrop.

character4: wh-- what?

extra: yes. and i was just about to tell her a really sweet story about you -- if you know what i mean, you fraud.

stage direction: reese whistles

character4: charity? something the matter?

character4: the matter?

character4: well, you're kind of staring at me.

character4: oh, sorry. i'm sorry. it's just you look so different. not that you weren't in great shape. it's just now --

character4: well, it was my new year's resolution to start working out.

character4: you've only been working out since new year's? wow. how did you get into such great shape so fast?

character4: hmm. you know, i don't know.

stage direction: simone and jessica giggle

character2: whoa! reese! what happened to you?

character3: you are ripped.

character4: thanks, guys. i've been working out.

character3: what, five times a day?

character4: no, just once or twice a week, since new year's.

character2: there is no way that you could have a bod like that in a few weeks.

character5: you're not taking anything, you know, to help, are you?

character4: you mean like steroids? no. no way, man, i'm not stupid.

character3: well, whatever you're doing, keep doing it. you look incredible, snuggle bear.

character4: aw, thanks, cuddle bear.

character2: oh, you almost made me forget what we were doing here.

character5: we're getting snacks.

character2: right. want a soda, charity?

character5: yeah, chips, salsa?

character4: whatever -- whatever you guys are having.

character3: uh -- reese? or do he-men not drink sodas?

character4: oh, this one does.

character3: don't go anywhere. i'll be right back.

character4: ok.

character3: oh!

character2: why didn't you tell me that reese had a bod like that?

character3: he didn't a few weeks ago. ok, don't get the wrong idea, you two.

character2: hmm.

character3: it's just that we've all seen reese without his shirt on before, and he never looked like that.

character2: i can't believe that he bulked up like that just since new year's. wow! that boy must have some hormones!

character3: hey, put your tongue back in your mouth, simone. he's mine.

character5: i didn't know girls talked about guys' bodies like this so much. apparently, i have to start working out more.

character2: whew. look, i have to place a call and cool off.

character3: hey.

character2: i'm just joking, jessica. you guys don't mind getting the snacks yourself, do you?

character5: nah, of course not.

character2: ok.

character3: ok, bye.

character2: bye.

character2: reese? ugh. how could you have thought that charity would ever in a million years give up miguel to be with reese?

character3: i know you think he's a dork --

character2: a dork? calling reese a dork is like an insult to dorks.

character3: i was just trying to help you, kay.

character2: well, your plan stinks, ok? and why can't you come up with a better idea? i mean, you and endora have a stake in this, too.

character3: believe me, i know that. if charity stays with miguel and they make love, she'll come into her full powers of goodness, and then my darling demon daughter and i will be toast!

character2: well, you'd better come up with better ideas then because reese is a joke.

character3: well, nobody's laughing at that body, dear. take a look at him.

character2: ew. please. just thinking about it makes me break out in hives. ew.

character3: well, maybe at one time, but now he's a wondrous specimen. you see, my original spell was intended to create a new man from various attributes from those male models, but thanks to a little help from endora, those attributes were transferred to reese. so now his body is a thing of wonder that no woman can resist.

character2: oh, i can, ok, and so can charity. have you forgotten that reese is jessica's boyfriend? ok, there is no way goody two-shoes charity is going to make a move on him.

character3: i disagree. did you get a look at reese's new physique?

character2: no, ok, all i saw was that geeky face.

character3: well, take a look at it!

character2: no! ok, for the last time, reese is never going to be able to seduce charity. your spell isn't going to work.

character3: kay --

character2: stop arguing with me, tabitha!

stage direction: tabithaigighs

character1: kay, what's going on? what are you and tabitha arguing about?

character5: is -- is something wrong, nurse?

extra: well, i'll say there's something wrong. look at your bed.

character5: my -- my bed?

extra: the sheets are all tangled up. i know what happened.

character5: you do?

extra: you had another one of your nightmares, poor dear. you must have been tossing and turning a lot to make such a mess. and why are you still in your room? an orderly was supposed to take you to the hydrotherapy pool 30 minutes ago.

character5: they -- they said they were running late, they'd come back for me.

extra: shorthanded, as usual. well, while you're gone, i'll change your bedding.

character5: thank you.

extra: maybe we need to adjust your meds so you stop having these terrible nightmares, hmm?

character5: oh.

character3: that was close.

character5: luis, maybe you should go.

character3: i got a better idea. i'm taking you down to that hydrotherapy pool. yeah. yeah, like a good orderly should.

character5: but what if somebody sees us? i mean, that just might be a little too risky.

character3: come on, that's half the fun.

character5: huh.

character4: gwen is at your office?

extra: right rere. and i'm about to tell her a very sweet story about you. you could almost call it sugary.

character4: ok, you do that and i swear i will sue you and the doctor for violating doctor/patient confidentiality.

extra: you committed a fraud.

character4: you can't prove that. i swear, you say one word to gwen and you're going to spend your golden years emptying bedpans at the state hospital!

extra: there's no reason to make threats. it's not my fault the doctor wanted those emails sent. he still wants to see you, as soon as possible.

character4: ok, do you think i'm bluffing here?

character1: what's going on, huh? what was that about?

character4: gwen is at dr. culver's.

character1: oh, i knew it. i knew it. she figured out your secrets!

character4: shut up, ok? let me think here!

character1: i told you! i told you it was just a matter of time! yes, i told you, missy! it is all over for you.

character3: who was that on the phone?

extra: a patient.

character3: all right. now, what was it you were going to tell me about beth wallace?

extra: it's almost time for your appointment. i have to go check with the doctor.

character3: wait. wait a second. before you got that phone call, you were just about to tell me something about beth. she almost made you quit nursing? what did she do?

extra: you are my passion for life

character3: all right. everybody in the pool!

character5: whoa, what if somebody walks in on us? i mean, you're dressed as an orderly. how will it look if you're in the pool with me?

character3: i don't care how it looks. besides, won't be dressed for long.

character5: but you could be arrested.

stage direction: luis laughs

character3: arrested? for what? illegal breaststroke?

stage direction: sheridan giggles

stage direction: sheridan giggles

extra: oh, my!

character3: tell me about beth.

extra: i don't have time for any of this now.

character3: wait, but you seemed so eager to tell me before. what happened? did it have to do with that phone call?

extra: i told you i have to go see if the doctor's ready to see you.

character3: what is that nurse hiding? more importantly, what is beth hiding?

character4: i got to come up with a plan.

character1: uh-uh. oh, no, you're out of plans, missy! your brain is too addled for that!

character4: be quiet, i'm thinking!

character1: yeah, i know. i can see the smoke.

stage direction: mrs. wallace guffaws

character1: that was a good one, edna. boy, that gwen, she is just so smart, isn't she? she put two and two together and saw that it added up to be five!

character4: you shut up!

character1: she is closing in on you, bethie. she is breathing down your neck. can you feel that? can you feel that now?

character4: damn it, mother, how am i supposed to think with you running your mouth all the time, huh?

character1: oh, yeah, you're coming up with another evil plan, aren't you?

character4: there's got to be a way out of this.

character1: well, there isn't. you're finished. uh-uh.

character4: there's got to be something that i've overlooked.

character1: yeah, you overlooked the fact that gwen is not going to let go of this. she's going to talk to the doctor or she's going to talk to the nurse and she's going to find out the truth and find out how evil and wicked you really are!

glory, glory hallelujah!

extra: dr. culver, we have trouble.

character14: what trouble?

extra: those emails to beth wallace? it could be it was a mistake.

character14: the woman was pretending to be pregnant, ok? i want her to come in here and explain why and what she was up to.

extra: she won't. she's really angry, says we're harassing her and if we don't stop she'll sue. i tried to scare her by mentioning i was going to tell her friend who's here how she faked her pregnancy, but beth got even angrier and more adamant about suing us.

character14: well, let her! i mean, why do i pay for all this malpractice insurance if i can't use it once in a while? i don't know what beth wallace is up to, but send her friend back here. i'll be happy to tell her about ms. wallace's last visit to this office. i'll tell her everything.

character4: think, beth, think.

character1: oh, that's a waste of time because there's no way you're going to stop gwen from talking to dr. culver!

stage direction: mrs. wallace chuckles

character4: oh, yes, there is.

character1: what are you going to do, kill her? oh, angels of mercy, you wouldn't? what am i saying? of course you would.

character4: you're right, mother, i would.

character4: gwen winthrop has got to die. ve gettin' together

character1: so what were you two arguing about?

character2: we weren't arguing. we were having a friendly discussion.

character1: about what?

character2: um -- our daughters and when to give them solid food.

character1: oh. well, you can always just ask the pediatrician.

character2: that's a good idea. i'll call her tomorrow.

character1: yeah, well, in the meantime, where can i find maria's baby wipes?

character2: oh, they're in the cabinet next to my bed.

character1: thanks.

character2: mm-hmm. now, that's a body. reese couldn't even come close.

character3: but if you'd just have a look at reese, you'd see that the spell endora and i came up with --

character2: it's not going to work.

character3: well, don't be so quick to judge, kay. see how this thing plays out.

stage direction: phone rings

character2: hello?

character2: girlfriend, did you totally blow it or what?

character2: i have no idea what you're talking about, simone.

character2: reese? when i think that bootylicious babe could've been yours -- wow!

character2: what is the big deal about reese?

character2: have you seen him with his shirt off lately?

character2: ok, i have a child to raise now, simone. looking at shirtless guys is not number one on my priority list.

character2: well, if you saw reese now, you'd make him numero uno. and he'd definitely make you forget about miguel.

character2: no, ok, no one can make me forget about miguel.

character2: hmm. i don't know about that. check this out. i'll send you a picture through my phone.

character2: whoa. whew. what did you do, cut and paste his head on somebody else's body? that can't be reese.

character2: ooh, yes, it's reese.

character2: oh, no, i can't believe it.

character2: ok. i'll send you another one.

character1: still can't find the wipes, kay.

character2: i'll be right there! hey, i got to go, simone. take a look at this, tabitha.

character3: hmm. oh, charity and reese in the hot tub together. what do you think of my spell now, kay?

character2: i think you're on to something, tabitha.

extra: i have to tell the nurse about this.

character5: oh, luis, i love you so much.

character3: i love you, too.

extra: nurse? i want that new therapy.

extra: what new therapy?

extra: the one in the hydrotherapy pool.

extra: well, you don't need hydrotherapy.

extra: i need what's going on in that pool -- a hot latino dude making my toes curl. a half-hour with him, i'd never need anti-depressant pills again.

extra: i have no idea what you're talking about.

extra: i'm talking about that orderly having wet and wild whoopee with a patient in the hydrotherapy pool.

extra: are you hallucinating again, mrs. rich?

character3: no. if i were, i'd be picturing myself with that orderly instead of that blond he's with.

extra: blond? sheridan crane!

character1: you are going to kill gwen?

character4: yeah, that's right.

stage direction: mrs. wallace gasps

character1: what are you going to do, just hopscotch

o over there to the doctor's office and do it in front of everybody there? oh, that'll be good. that'll really work. you'll get away with that one, missy.

character4: oh, yeah, yeah. well, i know you'd like to think i was that stupid, but sorry to disappoint, that is not the plan.

character1: what is your evil plan this time, missy?

character4: actually, it's pretty simple. i just got to get the doctor out of the office before gwen has her appointment.

character1: well, so what? because even if dr. culver doesn't tell gwen that you faked the pregnancy, guess what -- the nurse will.

character4: no, she won't. she's too afraid of being sued. and even if she does talk, i'll just -- i'll kill her, too.

stage direction: phone rings

extra: dr. culver's office.

character4: hi! i'm a patient of dr. culver's, and i'm in some terrible trouble! i'm bleeding profusely! oh, god, why won't it stop?

extra: ok, try to relax.

character4: i don't want to lose my baby!

extra: if you could give me your name, please.

character4: i'm so frightened! there's blood everywhere!

extra: if you could give me your name --

character4: i can't lose my baby! please, just tell dr. culver to please meet me at the emergency room, and hurry! ok, that should do the trick.

character1: huh!

extra: dr. culver, you have got to get over to the e.r. right away.

character3: wait, can i talk to the doctor first?

extra: this is an emergency.

character3: but, you know, just for a minute before the doctor leaves.

extra: a patient is in severe distress. dr. culver has to leave immediately.

stage direction: gwen sighs

character4: ok, i'm off.

character1: what are you going to do?

character4: how many times do i have to tell you, i'm going to kill gwen. that nosy bitch is as good as dead.

character1: oh! no, angels! angels in heaven, please look after gwen! she has no idea that a psycho is headed her way! , girls, i'm goingto order pizza.

character3: let me guess -- you're going to show that picture of reese and charity to miguel, right?

character2: you weren't kidding when you said your powers are getting weaker. this is like a no-brainer.

character3: well, tell me the rest of your plan.

character2: ok, i'm going to tell miguel that simone called and how she went on and on about how they're having such a great time skiing and snowboarding.

character3: and as proof, you will show miguel reese and charity cavorting in the hot tub.

character2: you got it.

character3: yes, well, that should work quite nicely. as i've said before, the simplest plans are often the best.

character2: oh, it's simple, all right, but lethal. it's going to kill charity and miguel's relationship.

character3: but you will be waiting with open arms to comfort him.

character2: yes, and anything else he needs.

character3: oh, clever girl! well done!

character2: miguel, put maria in her crib and come in here. tabitha found some baby wipes. watch this.

character3: here you go, miguel.

character1: thanks, tabitha.

character3: you're welcome.

character2: oh, by the way, simone called.

character1: from the ski lodge?

character2: yeah. she said they're having a really good time. oh, and she sent me over this little picture on her picture phone. oh, doesn't that hot tub look great?

character1: yeah, looks like charity's having a really good time.

character2: not a care in the world. looks like she's forgotten about everything.

character1: yep. including me.

character3: how was your therapy session?

character5: heaven. how could it not be, though, when my therapist is so skilled?

extra: what's going on?

character3: somebody's coming.

character5: oh, no. they'll catch us in here. you'll get arrested!

character3: all right, hey, calm down.

extra: where's the orderly?

character5: what?

character3: the orderly. that stud who's giving you the hydrosexual therapy.

character5: i -- i beg your pardon?

extra: i want that therapy, too.

extra: me, too. is it covered by medicare?

extra: who cares? just bring him on!

extra: that's it. everybody out before i put you on report.

extra: but --

extra: when you're through with our orderly, send him to room seven, bed a!

character5: what were those women talking about?

extra: why isn't there

o orderly in here with you?

character5: well, he left. he said he'd be right back. he had something to do.

extra: something isn't right here.

character3: did the doctor leave?

extra: yes, dr. culver might not be back for hours. we'll have to reschedule your appointment.

character3: before i go, would you mind telling me what you were going to say about beth wallace?

extra: you'll have to speak to dr. culver.

character3: you were so eager to tell me before. what happened?

extra: i'm very busy. now, if you'll excuse me --

character3: nurse, please, it is very important that i know what happened with beth wallace.

extra: i'm not at liberty to discuss it.

character3: you were earlier.

extra: you'll have to discuss it with the doctor.

character3: i will, but --

extra: now, if you'll excuse me, i have patients to call, appointments to reschedule.

character3: i know that nurse was just about to tell me something that would confirm my suspicions about beth. there's nothing i can do about that now. i'm not going to give up, though. i'm going to get to the bottom of this. i want to see what beth is up to.

character4: it's been a long time since i hot-wired a car. at least this way, no one can trace the murder weapon back to me.

character4: this is it, gwen. prepare to be roadkill.

character2: whoa. reese looks like he's been working out, doesn't he?

character1: what?

character2: reese. i mean, look at those ripped abs and bulging biceps. ooh, i got to tell you, jessica better watch out or somebody's going to steal him right away from her.

character1: reese is crazy about jessica.

character2: maybe now, but people change, you know, they move on.

character1: looks like charity has, without me.

character2: what?

character1: nothing. i'm going to go finish up with maria.

character2: oh! did you see the look on his face when he saw charity with reese?

character3: didn't i tell you my spell would work?

character2: i've got to hand it to you, tabs, i would've never guessed in a million years that you could get reese to get charity to give up miguel. i mean, i can't believe it, but it's working. oh!

character3: and endora and i are safe. way to go, girlfriend!

extra: why would that woman say she saw you in there with an orderly?

character5: i have no idea. i mean, after all, she is a patient here. maybe she's just a little bit delusional? i mean, that is why the doctors say i'm here.

extra: that must be it. i'll have to up her meds. anyway, you ldn't be in here alone. if i see the orderly, i'm going to send him back immediately.

character5: luis? luis, you can come up now. oh, there you are. oh, come here. are you all right?

character3: yeah, i'm fine. i almost drowned, that's all.

character5: i can't believe i just got away with that!

character3: i can believe anything as long as we're together.

character5: but we're not. i'm stuck in this place.

character3: well, i'm going to get you out of here, all right? we're going to start our lives together.

character5: with our baby?

character3: yeah.

character5: luis, i know you don't believe little martin's mine, but he is, and someday you'll believe me. soon something will happen and you'll know that i was right all along.

character3: ok, what should i do now? oh, i'll call ethan. get my cell phone out of here.

character4: this is all your fault, gwennie. you got too close to my secret, and that was a fatal mistake. i can't let you tell luis the truth. i can't let anyone take baby martin or luis away from me. that's why you've got to be silenced -- permanently.

extra: god help you, sheridan crane. with your own father against you, you don't stand a chance in hell.

character1: we need to talk.

character4: miguel. i was just about to call you.

character1: about you and charity.

character4: i will never let you take my baby away from me -- never!

character3: oh, my god

character5: hey.

character4: oh, hey.

character5: all right, so that's why you rushed off before -- tennis practice.

character4: oh, well, you wouldn't believe how rusty i've gotten these past few months. you know what? daddy was right. i mean, tennis is the one and only thing that i can definitely count on. it certainly isn't a singing career or chad, for that matter.

character5: i wish you would give him another chance. you know, he's really sorry about what happened in los angeles.

character4: look, i really don't want to even talk about it, ok?

character5: ok.

character4: ok.

character5: i'll let you off the hook for now.

character4: thank you. so, were you serious when you said that you were planning on marrying fox?

character5: serious as a heart attack, whit. fox crane is going to be my husband.

character3: all right, en garde -- there you go. now, what you want to do is you want shoot your arm real fast -- like this, ok? ready? go for it. ok, keep doing it! all right, looking good. you're like a natural-born black belt, brother. all right, up here. there you go. now just keep practicing. fox is getting a little tired, so -- just -- looking good. i don't know, little man. your mother thinks that i'm in love with her, but she's wrong. it's actually whitney that i'd cut off my right arm for.

character3: oh, my precocious little devil daughter!

stage direction: tabitha chuckles

character3: oh, when charity gives herself to a young man she doesn't love, we will be safe for all eternity.

mm-hmm. and miguel will never be able to forgive his sweetheart for her infidelity, and she will never come into her full powers. oh, endora. oh, it's a good thing that you're too young to understand the first thing about s-e-x. yes, there's plenty of time for all that when you're 100 years old or so, right?

stage direction: horn sounds

character3: ooh! now, let's see.

character4: reese, don't be scared.

character4: but --

character4: i want you to have your way with me.

character4: no, no, no. see, jessica -- she's my girlfriend, and -- and -- and -- and she's your cousin, she's your own cousin.

character4: i know, reese, but isn't she hung up on keeping her virginity until you guys are engaged or something?

character4: yeah, i thought you and miguel were going to wait, too.

character4: i told you, we're through! look, i've been a good girl way too long, reese. tonight i want to be bad.

character2: miguel, wait. i need to talk to you.

character1: i'm beat, kay.

character2: but it's important, ok? it's about our future as a family.

character1: how many times do i have to tell you? i'm going to be the best father i possibly can to maria, but you and i -- we don't have a relationship.

character2: why do you keep chasing after charity when it's obvious to everyone that she doesn't want you anymore?

character3: what is taking miguel so long to walk in on them? oh, foolish girl! leave miguel alone so he can walk in and discover charity en flagrante with reese, the former geek. oh, nothing like losing the girl you love to your trusted best friend, is there? typical mortal behavior.

character3: well, thank you so much for fitting me in. i'm looking forward to my appointment with dr. culver.

character4: oh, no. i can't let gwen meet with dr. culver. if she does, he'll tell her all about my phony pregnancy, and then she'll go to luis and he'll tell her that the dr. culver he met was a woman. in no time flat, they'll figure out that baby martin is really sheridan's. why didn't i just hit her and kill her when i got her with the car -- oh.

character3: well, hello, beth. so, how much did you hear?

character4: hear? what -- what do you mean?

character3: well, you were obviously eavesdropping, so you already know that i made an appointment with your obstetrician, dr. culver. i just can't wait to hear what he has to say about your pregnancy.

extra: i would hold the hand of the one who could lead me places and kiss the lips of the one who could sing so sweet and i would fly on the wings of the bird i knew could take me highest breathe in, breathe out you keep me alive you are the fire burning inside of me you are my passion for life

character4: i just came by to see how you were feeling after your terrible car accident.

character3: oh, it was no accident, beth. it was a deliberate hit-and-run, an unbelievably brazen attempt on my life but then again, you already know that because you were the one behind the wheel.

character4: what? why would i try to kill you? why -- oh, oh, you got a concussion when the car hit, right? you're hallucinating.

character3: not even a little. somehow you knew i was dangerously close to finding out the truth about you and the birth of your baby, and you'd do anything to prevent me from proving that that infant that you're carrying around and you're passing off as yours and luis' baby is really sheridan's.

character4: that is outrageous.

character3: you know what's outrageous, beth? that some nondescript little woman who runs the book cafe, some run-of-the-mill local harmony person who people buy coffee and magazines from every day could pull off such a heinous, vicious, horrible kidnapping and god knows how many attempted murders. that is what i call outrageous.

character3: silly girl! she has the instincts of a goose. i've got to get her away from miguel so he can walk in on charity's seduction of reese.

oh, when miguel sees her in action with his own eyes, he will never be able to look at her the same way again.

character2: you should be with someone who really loves you.

character1: like you?

character2: yes, like me. i'm the mother of your child. doesn't that count for anything?

stage direction: phone rings

character1: aren't you going to answer that?

stage direction: kay sighs

character2: it's tabitha.

character1: well, what if there's something wrong with maria?

character2: yeah, right. tabitha, what is it? did pilar call about maria?

character3: no, no, no, she didn't. as far as i know, maria's fine. now, listen, kay --

character2: maria's fine. could you excuse me for a sec?

character1: yeah.

character2: why are you bothering me when i am smack in the middle of working my wiles on miguel?

character3: well, forget about your wiles, kay. actually, that's the reason i called.

character2: i don't want to hear it, ok? you and endora couldn't do anything to keep charity and miguel apart, so i had to take some emergency action of my own. i'll call you in the morning.

character3: kay! kay! oh, damn!

character1: what was that all about?

character2: tabitha -- she's been so wonderful, letting maria and i live with her, but sometimes her doughtiness drives me nuts. she couldn't find the frying pan. i had to tell her what shelf it was on.

character3: answer the phone, kay. it's for your own good!

stage direction: phone rings

character2: see? now she's probably looking for a match. i'm just going to put it on vibrate and call her in the morning.

character1: well, don't put it off on my account.

character2: but i really need to talk to you.

character1: kay, i'm spent. you know, can't it just wait until morning?

character2: no, it can't wait. listen, i know that you think charity is the love of your life, but she's not who you think she is.

character1: oh, come on, kay. we've been through all this before.

character2: i mean it, miguel. if she loves you so much, then why does she keep jerking you around? it's like she can't figure out whether she wants to have a future with you or not.

character1: she's confused, ok? it's difficult for her with you and i having a child together.

character2: that's no excuse. ok, she's always sending you these mixed messages. unlike me, who's never once wavered in my feelings for you. that's why i gave myself to you -- my heart, my soul, my virginity. the proof of my love is the child that we share together -- our beautiful little girl.

character1: kay, please. don't do this to yourself.

character2: i don't understand. i mean, what is so awful about me that you just keep pushing me away? why don't you love me instead of someone who doesn't deserve you? did i make the worst mistake of my life by having maria?

character1: hey, hey, hey. no, ok? of course not. i mean, she's -- she's perfect, and i love her with all my heart.

character2: well, then, why can't we be together the way a baby's parents should be? i mean, especially after charity just lets you down time and time again?

character1: look, i know that she's been erratic, ok, especially lately. but i still feel like she loves me, ok? and as long as that holds true, i'm not going to give up on us.

character2: what would it take for you to think that charity doesn't love you anymore?

character1: i don't know. i guess i'd have to see her with another guy, ok? but i know that that would never happen. look, i'm sorry, kay, but the way i see it, my future's with charity, not you.

character5: how fox is -- he's kind, he's smart. you know, he's funny. he is hotter than july, mm-hmm. and, oh, my gosh, to top it off, he's got his own trust fund. well, he did until he cashed it in to bail me out of jail. well, no matter what, he's never going to be poor.

character4: you know, i'm just not sure that that's the best reason to marry him, though.

character5: oh, no, no. if you think it's about the money, it's not, it's not. i like him. i mean, i like him a lot. he's the first guy who actually, you know, takes my mind off of ethan.

character4: again, i'm just not sure that that's the best reason to walk down an aisle with him.

character5: whitney, just be happy for me, please?

character4: oh, no, i am. i just think you might be moving a little fast, that's all.

character5: no, you're the one who pushed me towards fox in the first place. i mean, yeah, it took me, like, a really long time to see what was right in front of my face, but ethan eighty-sixed himself from my life. you know, when he refused to help me fight julian and rebecca for custody of little ethan, i finally realiz d that he didn't love me as much as i loved him. now, fox is much more loyal than that. and he's sensitive, too. you know, i always thought that ethan was my knight in shining armor, but it wasn't him. it's fox. and don't worry, i'm not going to, like, rush into marriage or anything. i'm just, you know, really glad knowing that he's the guy i'm eventually going to spend the rest of my life with.

character3: hey! what's up? take a look at that, huh? you know who that is? that would be whitney, yes. she's beautiful, isn't she? you want to know something? i'll tell you this right now -- you're a lucky man. you want to know why? you still got at least -- at least a couple of more years before some drop-dead gorgeous knock-your-socks-off woman comes into your life, sets up shop in your mind, making you so crazy that you can barely breathe when she's in the same room. that's what whitney russell's done to this old cad. you know what the kicker is? i don't think she has a clue. i don't think she has -- sometimes, though, i got to tell you, you know, i feel like she's really starting to have feelings for me. you know what i mean? and then it's like the curtain drops so fast i'm not even sure it was ever even up. this whole falling-in-love thing's enough to make a grown man cry, you know? not that i'm going to cry or anything.

character2: fox?

character3: what? what do you want?

character2: it's time i set you straight on a few things. i love gettin' together

character3: i'm kind of busy.

character2: this is important.

character3: so, what, have i committed some new atrocity to disgrace the sacred crane name? just add it to the list.

character2: you're not the only crane who's stepped over the line from time to time.

character3: oh, really -- wait a minute. you know what? you and i are nothing alike, if that's what you're getting aterere.

character2: i think we are, and that's perhaps something you wouldn't reject if i'd sat you down a long time ago and had a father-son talk.

character3: ahem. so, this whole thing about the whole birds and the bees lecture that we missed out on -- i mean, if that's what it is, you can rest easy. i learned everything that i needed to from the kids at prep school. see, they had real parents.

character2: this is not about that, and trust me, i feel as awkward right now as you do. we -- we don't know each other very well, that's my fault, and as such, it's up to me to try to remedy the situation.

character3: ok, fine. give it your best shot.

character1: time for somebody's bath!

character3: already? it's so soon. i was going to wait before bed.

character1: you are such a tease, master fox.

character3: ha-ha. well, come on, somebody's got to make people laugh in this house, right? all right, sport, come on. go get your bath, and i'll read you a story before bed, all right? go on, get out of here. thank you. i'm all ears.

character2: i know you love whitney russell.

character3: yeah, that's right, at least as much as you love her mother.

character2: and i overheard you talking to little ethan about the fact that chad harris is back in town.

character3: so?

character2: well, so, i know chad. i mean, not well, but enough to have seen the rough around the edges as he may be. he's a decent, standup sort of fellow.

character3: ok, ok, so because he's a decent, standup sort of fellow, i'm supposed to do what, lay down and hand him over to the woman that i love? yeah, that's perfect. that is absolutely perfect. i don't know why i didn't think of that one. why would i think that you were actually going to be on my side for a moment there?

character2: fox, i am on your side. it's just that sometimes it's not as simple as taking whatever you want when you want it.

character3: really? since when? isn't that the crane family motto?

character2: since whitney may have other ideas about who she wants to spend her life with. she loves chad, and chad loves her. given a little time and a little help, they could get their relationship back on track.

character3: you know what, dad? he doesn't deserveerer. he lied to her about being married.

character2: but that's a mistake that he rectified before he returned to harmony to try to make amends with whitney.

character3: you know an awful lot about a guy who doesn't run in your circle. and let me guess -- dr. eve clued you in?

character2: yes, pretty much. all eve wants is whitney's happiness.

character3: and all you want is her mother's.

character2: i won't deny that i love eve enough to want to see her and her family happy no matter what it takes.

character3: even if it kills your own son?

character2: whitney has been spending a great deal of time here lately, to be around little ethan. are you expecting her back this evening?

character3: unfortunately, no, but i expect her back tomorrow, hopefully.

character2: let me ask you something. you claim to love whitney, but do you honestly have any idea what that means?

character3: like you do?

character2: yes, i do. are you willing to sacrifice your own hopes and dreams so that whitney can achieve hers?

character4: you really are delusional. you can ask my mother or luis. i was at home all day in bed with a burning fever. there's no way i could have been driving that car that hit you.

extra: ms. wallace, what are you doing in here?

character4: um -- i just came to check on my friend -- or at least that's what i thought she was --

character3: your friend? since when i have been your friend? i haven't trusted you worth a damn ever!

extra: whatever's going on in here isn't helping either one of you. now, get back to your cubicle, ms. wallace.

character4: bubut i'm feeling much better, so --

stage direction: bell rings

extra: that's a code blue. i've got to go.

character4: did you see that? even the medical staff knew how sick i was today.

character3: really? what'd you do, hold the thermometer up against a lamp, beth? i used to do that in the fifth grade to get out of class.

character4: oh. so suspicious. you should probably see a shrink about that.

character3: well, you know what, beth? maybe i will -- as soon as i find out what you've been up to.

character4: oh, well, don't waste your time. and don't come looking for me, ok, because i'm going to go home now.

character3: really? when you're just so very sick?

character4: i will get better faster at home with my baby.

character3: you know, so you keep calling him. although as far as i can tell, no one was home or around when you delivered little martin.

character4: you know what? that is not true. my mother was there and precious.

character3: oh! oh! that orangutan you pass off as a caregiver?

character4: yeah.

character3: yeah, well, she's really -- she's a credible witness, right?

character4: oh. ok. you know what? i'm not on trial here, even though you seem to have appointed yourself policeman, judge, and jury. why do you hate me so much?

character3: maybe because i love sheridan so much, and she swears that that baby you're passing off as yours is hers. and guess what -- i believe her. and you better watch out, beth, because if she's right, i'm going to prove it. sooner or later, i'm going to prove it.

character2: ok, you ow what? why can't you see how perfect you and i would be together? i love you. i love you with all my heart, and i would never push you away the way charity does.

stage direction: simone laughs

character2: hey!

character5: you guys have got to get out on the mountain. ice king is awesome! i've been telling jessica and simone about all the incredible snow.

character2: we're a little busy right now, john.

character2: are you ok?

character2: i'm fine.

character3: have some of my chocolate-covered raisins. i know how much you love them.

character2: no, thanks.

character1: look, kay, i'm exhausted. i'm going to get some shuteye.

character2: sure. i understand.

character5: you better go after her.

character2: yeah, yeah. i'll see you in the morning.

character5: ok. bunking in with reese?

character1: yeah. he said he's got room.

character5: ok. i'll check you out later.

character1: see you tomorrow. maybe i shouldn't even have come up here. things aren't going the way i planned.

character3: at last miguel's going to get the shock of his life.

character4: feel good?

character4: ah -- ah --

extra: you are my passion for life

character2: ox, let me -- let me put it to you this way -- do you think that chad and whitney are still in love?

character3: yeah, sure, i guess, you know, in a way. i mean, he'd be crazy not to love her, and he is her first boyfriend.

character2: but do you think that if you weren't in the picture they'd stand a chance?

character3: yeah, maybe so. what? what's your point?

character2: my point is that there are times when it takes more courage to let go than to hold on.

character3: no. no, forget -- listen to me. i'm not giving up on whitney. i love her. not that you could possibly understand that.

character2: you're wrong. i loved whitney's mother more than i ever loved any woman in my life. and i still do. i won't lie to you, son. my entire adult life has been a desperate, futile attempt to forget what we once shared.

stage direction: phone rings

character3: answer it.

character2: julian crane. it's here? all right, i'll be right there.

character3: let me guess -- something more important.

character2: i want you to think about what i just said. if you love whitney as much as you say you do, do what's best for her, and if that means letting her go, even though your heart will break -- god, you must be strong.

character5: you know, when i think how devoted i was to ethan and our love, when he wouldn't even lift a finger to help me keep my son --

character4: well, he promised gwen that he wouldn't get involved with you.

character5: yeah, but, whit, he's an attorney. i mean, he could have done something to show me that he was in my corner, but, no, he didn't do anything. it's like i didn't mean a thing to him. and fox -- i mean, gosh, he did that amazing thing for me. you know, he set up that two-way video camera so that i could see little ethan at the mansion.

character3: hey! all right, man! looking good, dude! give me five. give me five. all right, looking good.

character5: see what i mean? he's like a natural-born father figure. he's incredible with kids.

character5: i mean, whitney, look at this. look how he can't take hisyeyes off me in that photo, the picture that i gave little ethan. i mean, if that's not true love, i don't know what it is.

character4: you're very lucky, theresa.

character5: don't i know it, whit.

character4: ok, your loyalty to sheridan -- it's admirable. it's just a wee bit misplaced at the moment. are you forgetting that she's been committed to a psych ward for being crazy?

character3: the only reason people are doubting her sanity is because she keeps saying little martin is her child.

character4: hello. what more do you need? it's pretty obvious, isn't it, gwen? sheridan suffered god knows what at the hands of those kidnappers, and then when she was finally released, she lost her baby anyway. i mean, any woman would snap, and that's exactly what happened.

character3: well, i don't buy it.

character4: well, you don't buy it because you don't want to buy it. look, i'm sure it's very hard to see your best friend unspool, but that's what happened, and i'm not the only one who thinks so. it's why they're keeping her locked up.

character3: let's see -- luis doesn't think she should be there. neither does ethan or pilar. huh?

character4: yeah, well, the doctors do, gwen, and so does her husband, or have you forgotten she's married? what, are you doubting his love for her now, too?

character3: you know what? i'm sure antonio has the best of intentions and so do the doctors. but if they are not working with all of the available information, then they could be making a really big mistake.

character4: hmm. "all of the available information"? don't you mean all of your off-the-wall accusations about my little boy?

character3: you know what, beth? you can call them whatever you want, but i intend to pursue them. and guess what -- you didn't succeed in running me over, so i am going to go talk to dr. culver at the earliest opportunity. and you know what we're going to find? i think we're going to find that sheridan's been telling the truth all along. and once i get that confirmation, i am going to tell the whole world what you've done.

character3: answer your cell phone, kay!

character3: where's charity? i thought for sure she was already in bed.

stage direction: phone vibrates

character2: stupid cell phone. i should have put the ringer on mute instead of vibrate. can't you see what's going on in your bowl, tabitha? ok, i'm not in the mood.

character3: well, you will be if you get your little fanny back to reese's room.

character2: miguel doesn't want to see me.

character3: no, but there's something going on inside that room that he doesn't want to see even more. go and look for yourself, kay!

character2: thanks, again.

extra: thank you.

character2: this is it.

character2: i have to call eve.

character3: well, this is good. technology stocks seem to be looking good, at least for now. it's not bad. and they lived happily ever after. you getting sleepy over there? a little bit? yeah?

stage direction: phone rings

character3: one seco. little ethan's residence.

character5: hello, hello. you know what? you're really great with him. but you got to tell me, what were you reading to him?

character3: um -- well, the kid's got to learn about the stock market someday, right? how long have you been tuned in?

character5: long enough to see how incredible you are with my son. anyway, i can't thank you enough for setting up that two-way video camera thing.

character3: oh, don't mention it. don't mention it at all. so what's up?

character5: well, antonio said that i could stay over at sheridan's cottage any time i wanted to, so i was wondering if you could sneak little ethan over there tonight.

character3: i don't see why not.

character5: great. then we could be there in, like, 15 minutes.

character3: what do we mean, "we"?

character5: yeah, whitney's with me. can you meet us there?

character3: um -- yeah, of course, of course.

character5: ok. i can't wait to see the two of you.

character3: and i can't wait to see the two of you. all right, all those in favor of seeing their mother tonight raise their hand. whoo! that's what i thought. all right, now, put this down and go get a sweater on, because it's cold outside, all right? we're going to go see her. if only i could fall in love with theresa and forget about whitney. it sounds easy. i think it may be impossible.

character2: what's with kay tonight?

character3: like she's not weird all the time?

character2: mm-hmm.

character3: but you're right. she's even stranger tonight. let's go.

character1: what's going on here?

character4: oh, my god! miguel!

character1: how could you do this to me? i thought you loved me!

character4: i don't -- i don't -- i don't understand.

character1: you don't understand? how do i think i feel walking in on you and reese about to do it? or am i too late? did you already have sex?

character4: no, i swear, miguel, nothing happened.

character1: yeah, but it sure as hell would have if i hadn't walked in here!

character4: i don't know what happened.

character1: i can't believe this. i mean, i -- i knew that you were upset over kay and the baby, but i didn't think you'd go behind my back with my best friend! you know, i knew we were having problems, but, you know, i thought you still loved me!

character2: whoa.

character2: thank you, tabitha and endora.

character3: reese? charity?

stage direction: jessica gasps

character3: oh -- oh, my gosh! is this what it looks like? reese, how could you?

character4: no, cuddle bear, s swear --

character3: don't talk to me. don't talk to me ever again. and, you -- you're my cousin. i thought i could trust you.

character4: jessica, i'm so sorry. i don't know what happened. i'm so embarrassed.

character2: because you got caught is all. you've been panting after reese ever since you saw him in the hot tub earlier tonight.

character4: something did happen there.

character2: right. you got the idea to seduce your cousin's boyfriend. never mind that it would break miguel's heart, too. nice going, charity. i love gettin' together

character3: you look shaky, beth. maybe you're not feeling as well as you thought.

character4: i'm fine, gwen. i was sick earlier, but i've made a full recovery. unlike you, who just can't seem to get past the death of her own baby.

character3: yeah, you keep throwing my loss at me, huh?

character4: it fits, gwen. you feel powerless because your baby died. proving that sheridan's baby is still alive is some desperate attempt on your part to somehow reclaim control over your sad, empty life. you know what? i feel sorry for you. i mean, i can't imagine how terrible it would be to deliver a dead baby.

character3: you heartless bitch!

character4: ouch. wow, i really touched a nerve, didn't i? i'm sorry. i should be more sensitive. listen, this is not a tv melodrama where some heiress' infant gets abducted by gypsies. sheridan's baby died, your baby died, unlike mbaby martin, who's still very much alive.

character3: you know what? we'll just see about that, won't we? we will just see what dr. culver has to say about that.

character5: what's going on?

character4: i feel like a dog, a total cad, a loathsome pig.

character3: because you are! you told me you wanted to wait until marriage to have sex.

character1: that's what we were going to do, too, charity.

character2: i just love how everyone thought i was such a slut when i slept with miguel and we conceived maria. ok, at least i loved him with all my heart. this -- this is just about pure, unadulterated dirty sex.

character2: don't cry, jessica. he's not worth it.

character2: how do you feel, charity? i mean, look what you have done to two people that you profess to care about, just because you got all hot and bothered over reese's pecs. you didn't think twice about how your actions would affect anyone else.

character4: i don't know what to say.

character3: don't say anything to me.

character2: now do you understand just why i've had such a problem with her ever since she came to harmony? ok, for years she's been trying to steal miguel from me. but now i guess she just moved on to the love of your life.

character4: no, listen to me, cuddle bear. i'm so sorry. i honestly don't know what came over me.

character2: oh, that's pretty obvious. she did.

character4: no, miguel, you have to listen to me, buddy --

character1: don't "buddy" me ever again! i ought to kill you!

character5: miguel, no!

character4: oh --

character3: stop! miguel!

character5: stop! get off!

character5: miguel, stop!

character2: come on, you guys! get more from your makeup.

get makeup plus.

character4: ok, well, i'm going to go ahead and go. but i sure hope you feel better.

character3: oh, i just bet you do.

character4: seriously, gwen, i wouldn't worry so much, ok? luis and the other cops -- they're all out there combing the streets looking for your hit-and-run driver.

character3: well, that is a big waste of time because i know it was you. and luis is a good policeman, and i trust that he'll figure it out, too.

character4: well, gwen, i really do hope you get some rest, because this ranting and raving -- it's not a good sign.

character3: for you. it's not good for you, beth, because i am on to you now, and i am not getting off until the whole world knows the truth.

character4: damn it. why couldn't i have killed gwen when i hit her with the car? i got to figure out another way to get rid of her.

character2: no, eve, you have to meet me. no, it can't wait until tomorrow. don't worry, whitney's not on the grounds.

character5: hello?

fox and little ethan: surprise!

stage direction: theresa screams

character5: oh, my gosh! i don't believe it.

oh! how's my big boy?

character3: he's doing good.

character5: oh, my goodness.

character3: how are you?

character5: i'm fine now that i'm with my little boy.

character4: i'm ok.

character3: glad to hear it.

character5: oh, i missed you so much, sweetheart.

little ethan: i missed you, too, mommy.

character5: you did? do you want to sit on the couch? mm-hmm? let's go.

character3: we should give them a few minutes alone, huh?

character4: yeah.

ereresa: yeah. yeah.

character4: well, i'm happy for you and theresa.

character3: really?

character4: of course. you're two of my best friends.

character5: aunt whitney, you got to check this out, ok? he's got some new karate moves he wants to show you.

character4: ok.

character3: he does. they're good, they're good.

character5: come on, show her. yeah! yeah! yeah!

character4: whoa.

character3: maybe it's like my father said after all. if i really love whitney enough, i may have to let her go.

character4: good.

character3: hmm! ooh! oh, congratulations, my little demonette. the spell worked brilliantly! miguel said that he would never give up on charity until he saw her with another guy with his very own eyes. well, now he has. we won, endora. we've won!

character4: you can't hit a guy with glasses!

character5: miguel, that's enough!

character3: oh, my god! he's going to kill reese!

character2: he doesn't know how to fight, miguel!

character1: if he's man enough to take my woman to bed, he's man enough to fight!

character4: what have i done?

character3: stop it!

character2: don't act so innocent, when this is all your doing. when did you decide it would be more fun to be a tramp than a virgin? and why'd you have to pick miguel's best friend and jessica's boyfriend to experiment with?

character3: stop.

character2: and people say i've got loose morals.

character3: miguel, stop!

character4: stop, miguel! stop! good afternoon. a young offender is speaking out today about the deadly fall at the law courts that killed a sixteen year old prisoner.

character3: well, well, endora, it seems our hard work is finally payg g off. charity and miguel are really finished. yes, yes, it is time for us to celebrate.

character4: you're right, miguel. we need to talk about us. we need to talk about everything.

character1: good. kay, do you mind?

character2: sure. no problem.

character2: you'd better do what i told you, charity, and let miguel go. because if you don't do the right thing, i swear i will make you pay.

t.c.: hank, are you sure you w my wife driving to the crane estate? because she left a note saying that she was going to the hospital.

hank: like i told you, t.c., i saw dr. russell's car turn in through the gates at the crane estate.

t.c.: what the hell is she doing at that mansion?

liz: t.c., this i your chance. this is your chance to see what eve is doing at julian crane's estate.

t.c.: all right. let's go.

hank: what are you talking about?

t.c.: i'm going to the estate. i'm going to see what eve is up to with my own eyes.

character2: we can talk in here.

eve: ok. i still can't believe that you found this picture of our son, julian.

character2: the hospital took it of him the day he was born.

eve: oh. thank you, julian. thank you so much.

character5: whitney, i know how hurt you are after what happened in los angeles, but please give chad another chance. you love him. i know you do. i can see it in your eyes. i can see it on your face.

character3: chad, listen, just take my word for it, ok? you need to come here to sheridan's cottage right away. whitney needs to see you. all right, good. all right, i'll see you soon. well, i've done it. i've lost you, whitney. i've lost the only woman i ever loved.

dr. ackland: the drug you gave sheridan is working, mr. crane. she's in a deep sleep.

alistair: it's time to make it even deeper. i want you to speed up the process, doctor.

dr. ackland: eeeed -- speed up the process? what process?

alistair: the process of erasing all memories of luis lopez fitzgerald from sheridan's brain. and i want you to do it now.

extra: i would hold the hand of the one who could lead me places and kiss the lips of the one who could sing so sweet and i would fly on the wings of the bird i knew could take me highest breathe in, breathe out you keep me alive you are the fire burning inside of me you are my passion for life

dr. ackland: you want me to erase all of sheridan's memories of luis lopez fitzgerald. i'm not sure i understand.

alistair: i don't know how i can be any clearer, but i'll try. i don't want my daughter to remember anything about luis -- nothing, nada, niente.

capisce?

dr. ackland: yes, mr. crane, but what you are asking me to do would require massive doses of very powerful psychotropic pharmaceuticals. it would require therapy, probably under hypnosis. i mean, even if i agreed to do it, it -- it could take months.

alistair: i don't have months, doctor. i have at the most days, perhaps even hours, to wipe luis out of sheridan's poor, addled brain.

dr. ackland: sheridan has just been given a dose of a very powerful drug. this is not possible. i would be risking the life of my patient.

alistair: and if you don't do it, you risk losing your ability to practice medicine, at least in america. oh, i'm sure there's a clinic in baghdad or kabul that would be delighted to hire you, license or no license.

dr. ackland: all right. all right. i'll do it. but i told you, this cannot be done quickly. i don't even know if i can -- if i can give her drugs that powerful again -- not without killing her.

alistair: i'm not worried. i have complete confidence in you. besides, you don't really have a choice, do you?

dr. ackland: let me check her vitals, see how much more of this she can take.

character3: alistair's in with the doctor. what the hell are they up to now?

extra: can i help you?

character3: yeah. just need you to unlock this door so i can get into sheridan lopez fitzgerald's room. yeah, it's -- it's police business.

extra: sorry. she's not allowed any visitors.

character3: no, i -- i just told you, it's police business.

extra: you're going to have to get permission from her doctor.

character3: look, you can see sheridan's in there, right? and the doctor's in there, too, so why don't you just be a sport and unlock that door?

extra: sorry. no can do.

character3: all right, you're going to need to move out of my way because i need to see what the hell's going on in there.

extra: and you're going to have to get past me first.

little ethan: what are you doing, f??

character3: something that i haven't done much of my entire life -- the right thing.

little ethan: the right thing?

character3: yeah, i know. but it's time i did what's right for the woman i love, you know?

character5: so will you do it? will you talk to chad and give him that chance?

character4: um -- i -- i don't know. you know, right now i need some time to think about everything.

character5: that's good. yes, take all the time that you need. you know, and -- and maybe you can think about how chad feels about you, too. he loves you very, very much.

character4: i got to go, ok?

character5: why?

character4: well, i mean, come on. i feel like a third wheel hanging out here with you and fox. i mean, you guys probably want to spend some time alone together, right?

character5: you're not a third wheel, whitney.

character4: no, no, i'll talk to you later.

character5: no, no, please don't go. no, no --

character4: that's all right.

character5: whitney, you're upset. please --

little ethan: why do you look so sad, fox?

character3: um -- you know, sometimes a guy's got to make sacrifices for the woman he loves, you know?

little ethan: sacrifices? what does that mean?

character3: sacrifice is like -- it's like when you give up something that you want, the one thing that you want more than anything, so that someone else can be happy. it's the right thing to do. i know it is. if anyone deserves to be happy, it's whitney. q

t.c.: liz, hank is wrong. i don't see any signs of eve's car.

liz: no, no, no. hank was sure it was eve's car that he saw.

t.c.: well, he must have been mistaken. i mean, it is freezing out here. come on, let's -- let's just go home.

liz: t.c., the crane estate is huge and it's full of woods. come on, let's just look a little bit more.

t.c.: liz, i know that you are convinced that eve came up here to be with julian, but i don't believe that, ok? i mean, eve would never do anything like that.

liz: it can't hurt to look, right? t.c., would you come over and look at this?

t.c.: this is eve's car. but why is it hidden like this?

liz: why, indeed?

eve: so, julian, finding this picture means that we're getting closer to finding our son, right?

character2: i think we're making progress every day. i promised you that we would find him by the end of this year, and that's a promise i'm determined to fulfill.

eve: i'm so grateful to you for this. you know, there's not a day that goes by that i don't think about our boy. i wonder what he looks like now, you know, all grown up. yeah. i wonder what he's become.

character2: i share your feelings. somehow i feel closer to this child -- a child i've never met -- than i do to all my other children.

eve: oh, no, julian, don't say that. you love your children. i know you do.

character2: no, i do. i -- yes, i do. but those children were made -- this child is the product of a great love -- ours. my life would be so different if only i'd stood up to my father and married you.

eve: yeah, but that's all in the past now. we can't change it, so we just have to concentrate on the future. you know, he looks exactly the way that i remember him. i know that it was a very short time that i was with him when he was born, but i remember. i think i see a little of you in there, julian.

character2: you think so?

eve: yes. i really do.

character3: happy days are here again my little demon baby oh! oh! once charity and miguel are torn apart, they will never pose a threat to us again. and we will be able to wreak havoc on this town and cause all the mayhem we want.

character2: your martimmy, your evilness.

character3: now go and change endora. and then you can serve the bats' wings and the toads' eyes.

character2: yes, your evilness.

stage direction: chains rattle

stage direction: charity groans

character3: well, well, how lovely to see the two of you. and just the way you've always wanted to be -- in the ties that bind you. do you have any last words?

character1: please, tabitha, spare charity. she doesn't deserve to die.

character3: spare her? absolutely not. you and that girl have caused me enough trouble for nine lifetimes. so i'm going to throw you both to fluffy.

character1: no, no.

character4: no! no, not fluffy.

character1: not fluffy!

character3: throw them into the dungeon!

character4: no, please, no!

character1: please!

character4: no, no!

character1: please, tabitha!

character4: no, no, no!

character1: no!

character4: no!

character1: tabitha, please!

character4: no, not fluffy!

stage direction: screams

character3: ah. music to my ears. oh, yes, endora. our troubles are almost over.

stage direction: pot boils

character1: charity, i don't understand what's happened, why i found you in bed with reese. there's got to be some explanation.

character4: i don't want to hurt you.

character1: then tell me what happened. we can talk about it.

character2: stop jerking miguel around. stop taking up all his energy and focus. he has maria to worry about now. or have you forgotten about her and what he went through when she came so close to dying?

character4: maria.

character2: leave mielel alone. leave him to be with maria.

character4: no, there's nothing to talk about, miguel. i don't have an explanation for what happened.

character1: no explanation?

character4: no. and it's pointless for us to keep going over this. we've been through it a dozen times. it's over, miguel. we're done. so -- so, go and leave me alone. olay complete body wash has special ingredients for extra dry skin,

extra: you are my passion for life

little ethan: mommy, come and play!

character3: hey.

character5: hi, sweetheart. how could you do this, fox?

character3: theresa, what?

character5: um -- could you keep little ethan busy for me, please?

character4: yeah.

character5: i just want to -- i want to talk to fox. thanks.

character3: theresa, what's wrong?

character5: i mean, i cust -- i heard what you said, and -- how could you lead me on like this, you know? haven't i been through enough?

character3: theresa, i don't know what you're talking about.

character5: ethan -- he did the same thing to me. he -- he dumped me to marry gwen. and i just -- i can't go through that kind of heartache again. i won't, you know? just i feel like a fool. i mean, i really thought you actually cared about me.

character3: of course i care about you.

character5: no, you don't. you were lying. it's whitney you love.

character3: whitney?

character5: yeah, we both actually heard what you said about making sacrifices for the woman you love and how whitney deserves to be happy.

whitney's voice: i feel bad for theresa, but is it true? am i really the one fox loves?

extra: are you really a cop?

character3: well, you see my badge, don't you? and my gun here. yeah. look, so why don't you just be a good guy and go on, unlock that door.

extra: i really can't do that.

character3: ok. all right, i'm going in there to see sheridan, ok? so we can do this one of two ways. either we can do it easy or i can get rough.

extra: is that a promise?

character3: what? oh, no, no -- wait -- wait a minute here, ok? i'm not gay.

extra: that's what they all say.

character3: no, i am not gay. not that there's anything wrong with that.

extra: and you're telling me you got that great haircut at a barber shop?

character3: what?

hank: luis, i came as soon as i could. what's up?

character3: uh --

extra: hello. who's this? your roommate?

dr. ackland: she's in no condition to be given any more drugs, mr. crane. her vitals are far too weak.

alistair: then think of something else. i want this obsession with luis wiped out of her head, damn it. what else can you do?

dr. ackland: nothing. there's -- there's nothing else to do. i mean, short of electroshock therapy, and that's --

alistair: good. do it.

dr. ackland: no. i mean, mr. crane, that is a very radical therapy and extremely dangerous. i -- i would hesitate to use it.

alistair: well, i won't hesitate to pull your license, doctor, so just do it.

character5: luis --

alistair: what are you waiting for? shock her now.

dr. ackland: but, mr. crane, i -- i really think we should wait, just at -- at least until the drug wears off.

alistair: it's not your job to think. now, you take her wherever she has to go for this shock treatment, and do it now.

dr. ackland: all right! just help me get her in the wheelchair.

character3: there they are. where are they taking her?

extra: i wouldn't know.

character3: come on, hank, we got to follow them.

extra: hey, you're going to have to go through me to do it. i have my orders. i can't let you in.

character3: the hell with your orders.

extra: hey --

character3: all right. damn it. sheridan! sheridan! n with this mop?noayay.

character1: charity, no. all right, you can't mean that. you can't mean that it's over between us.

character4: i've never meant anything more in my entireifife.

character1: but why? i mean, what are you -- what, are you in love with reese?

character4: no. of course not. he's in love with jessica.

character1: ok, well, then what? all right? because i'm trying really hard not to lose it here, charity, but why? ok, why did i find you in bed with reese, naked?

character4: i don't know, miguel! something just came over me!

character1: what do you mean? all right? do you mean that -- that you were possessed?

character4: i don't know. i don't know! suddenly, i just -- i -- i saw reese, and he looked -- i just -- i had an overwhelming desire to be with him.

character1: if you're ready to make love, then why don't you make love with me? we love each other, ok? we've been waiting so long for the perfect moment. i mean, maybe this is the right moment.

character4: i'll give up miguel. just let maria live.

death: are you sure?

character4: yes. maria can't die because of me.

death: then so be it.

character4: no, miguel. we can never be together. you have kay and maria in your life now. it's just too complicated. it's over between us, miguel, so just forget about me.

character1: charity, i could never forget about you. please, ok, just -- just don't make any hasty decisions about us breaking up. all right? not now.

character4: "hasty decisions"? miguel, we've been breaking up and getting back together ever since kay announced she was pregnant. speaking of, at least i didn't go through with it with reese. you got kay pregnant.

character1: i know, ok, but i -- i don't know how that happened, all right? kay must have tricked me or something.

character4: stop! stop! you know what? we've been through this a dozen times, and it really doesn't matter. because what matters is that you have a baby with kay now, and nothing is going to change it.

character1: but i don't love kay. i love you.

character4: doesn't matter, miguel. kay and maria are your responsibility, and i'm not going to get in the way of that anymore.

character1: i will care for kay and maria, but you are my first priority.

character4: no, i'm not. and i'm tired of being your second or your third on your list. i'm young. i deserve to find somebody to love who can love me and only me, somebody who can put me first!

character1: i will! i will.

character4: you can't! you can't. so just stop making promises that you can't keep!

character4: jessica, i can explain what happened.

character3: don't even try, reese. this is the second time i've caught you with another woman.

character4: if you mean that night at the movies with kay --

character3: yes, that's what i mean. and now charity? well, i won't give you the chance to make a fool out of me again.

character4: how did this happen?

character2: now do you believe me? i told you, charity's a bitch. she's always wanting what she can't have. ok, she's a slut, and she'll stop at nothing.

character3: it's still hard to believe, but you were right. charity goes after anything in pants. first she stole miguel away from you, and -- and now she's trying to take reese.

character2: that's right. it's like charity's not happy until she's stolen every girl's boyfriend in harmony.

t.c.: maybe this just looks like eve's car.

liz: t.c., does this look familiar?

t.c.: huh. it's eve's doctor bag. she told me she was going to the hospital. why is she here at the crane mansion? and why would she hide her car like this?

liz: obviously she doesn't want anyone to know that she's here.

t.c.: but why? and don't tell me because she's here for a romantic fling with julian. i don't believe that. eve would never do anything like that.

liz: ok, then, t.c., how do you explain why her car is here and hidden like this?

t.c.: well, maybe -- maybe there was a servant that was sick and -- and she came up here to take care of him.

liz: seeing a patient without her doctor bag? i don't think so. i think it's more likely that eve came up here to play doctor with julian.

t.c.: liz, now, that is a very disgusting thing to say. and even if i did believe that eve was involved with another man, she sure wouldn't be involved with julian.

liz: all right, then. let's go find eve and let her explain why her car is here and why she is here at this time of night.

eve: julian, you have no idea how i've prayed for something like this. and just to have even a glimpse of our baby boy --

character2: hopefully soon you'll be able to be with him every day.

eve: oh. nothing would make me happier.

character2: but, you know, it may also cause a little heartache when t.c. and the girls find out.

eve: i'll just have to pray that they'll understand.

stage direction: footsteps approach

character2: someone's coming.

eve: no, julian, nobody can see me here. i -- i can't explain what i'm doing here!

t.c.: julian, you bastard.

character5: so why don't you answer me? how could you deliberately hurt me like this?

character3: i don't know what to say.

character5: of course. i mean, what can you say? god, i can't even believe this. i mean, i -- i've been taken in yet again by a guy who's hung up on somebody else. well, i'm nothing if not consistent.

character3: don't say that.

character5: did you know about this? have you been lying to me, too?

character4: no. no, theresa --

character3: theresa, listen, whitney -- she's got nothing to do with what you're thinking right now, ok?

chad: fox, i came as soon as you called. whitney.

character5: chad. ok, what's going on? i mean, you just said fox called you?

chad: yeah, he said that whitney needed me.

character5: oh. i'm sorry. i -- i totally misunderstood. i -- i thought when you said that thing about making sacrifices for the woman you love and you said whitney's name, i just thought that you ant that you were in love with whitney. but obviously you mean chad and whitney, of course. so -- i'm really embarrassed.

character3: don't be embarrassed.

character5: no, i should have known. you're a wonderful man. i mean, you went to all this trouble for me. you know how much that i want chad and whitney to get back together, and -- well, you just were trying to make me happy. can you forgive me?

character3: hey, there's nothing to forgive.

character5: thanks.

character3: you know what? you need to get out of my way.

extra: i have my orders.

character3: come on.

extra: i cannot let you --

character3: come on. who's going to know?

extra: if anybody does find out, i could lose my job.

character3: all right. you're -- you're right. you know what? i don't want to get you into trouble. you seem like a -- a nice guy. come on --

extra: i try to be.

character3: yeah, i -- hey, you know what? you got great hair. yeah. you know what? my friend here -- he's -- he's having a hell of a time with his hair. could you give him some advi?

extra: sure, i could talk to him.

character3: that'd be great. great. hank -- hank, this is -- this is gary, all right? he's going to give you some -- some advice on the hair.

hank: my hair?

gary: mousse or gel?

hank: what?

gary: on your hair -- do you mousse or gel?

hank: gel.

gary: oh. wrong answer. you could use a few more highlights. you know, something -- i don't -- copper, you know? it's going to bring out your eyes. just around your face. maybe -- maybe here, or -- or here.

hank: the things i do for friendship.

gary: listen, i -- i'm due for a break. why don't i take you down to the drugstore, and i'll show some products that'll work wonders for your hair.

hank: gosh, that -- that'd be great. thanks.

gary: and that door's locked. and no one else'll let you in, either.

character3: oh, yeah. no, i know, yeah. you know, i -- i'm just going to stay here and make a little phone call.

character3: excuse me, ma'am -- ma'am -- hi. did you happen to see a pretty young blond woman? she was being pushed in a wheelchair by a couple of orderlies.

character3: say, you're that dreamy-looking orderly i walked in on heating up the hot tub with that blond. so you're a cop, too?

character3: yeah. ma'am, have you seen her?

character3: give us a little kiss and maybe i'll tell you where they took your lady friend.

character5: what are you -- what are you doing?

alistair: go on, doctor. give her the juice, now. what the hell is that for? stop stalling!

dr. ackland: it's to keep her from biting her tongue off when the electricity hits.

alistair: i don't care if she swallows it whole. i want luis removed from her mind. now, hop to it! gdgg#s&l

character3: oh, yes, endora, this is indeed a black letter day, a day of great good fortune for us and much misery for many others. and you -- you were a major player in the scheme of things, my talented little witch-in-progress. the spell we cast on charity and miguel is going to finish them forever. and we will not have to be afraid anymore, hmm?

stage direction: pot boils

bibitha: look.

stage direction: tabitha laughs

character1: charity, i know you love me. we can work this out if you just give me the chance.

character4: no. it's no use, miguel. we're through. just stop wasting my time.

character2: miguel, you look terrible. what happened?

character1: i wish inenew. everything's just been so crazy. you know, first i find charity naked in bed with my best friend, and now she breaks up with me again.

character2: i'm so sorry, miguel. i know how hurt you must be. it's been a hard night for everyone. hey, why don't we go home and see our little girl? she always -- she always cheers me up when i'm feeling kind of down.

character1: you're right. maria -- she's the only woman in my life now.

character2: not for long. pretty soon, you'll be mine, all mine.

stage direction: charity sobs

character4: oh, i want to die. i haven't felt this empty since my mom died. i've lost so many people in my life. first my mom, then aunt grace left, and now miguel. god, how many more people am i supposed to lose? all i ever wanted was to be good.

character4: if it feels this terrible to be good, then i think it's time to be bad.

character3: what do you know? miss goody-goody has finally seen the dark. oh, endora, this night just keeps getting better and better.

character5: it's getting a little cold out here for little ethan --

character3: yeah.

character5: so maybe we could go in.

character3: ok.

character5: sweethrt, want to go inside?

little ethan: ok, mommy.

character5: ok, let's go.

chad: fox said you needed me. those are some of the most wonderful words i've heard in a long time.

character4: um -- well, i don't know why fox told you that i needed you. i -- i didn't tell him that.

chad: maybe he could see it, even if you won't admit it. whitney, i know you said it was over between us, but can't we at least talk about this? i was stupid not telling you i was married before. but it's over now for good. i mean, latoya is the past. i could show you the divorce papers if you want.

character4: no, i believe you.

chad: then will you give us -- will you give our love another chance? i swear there'll never be another secret between us. i love you so much. what we have together is true love, and i can't give up on that.

character4: you know, chad, i want to believe in true love again. i really do. but --

character3: hey.

character5: hey, i just put little ethan down for the night, so -- thanks for being so wonderful to him. he loves you very much.

character3: theresa, he's a great kid. you know, i love him, too.

character5: i'm really sorry for coming on so strong out there. it's just when i heard you say whitney's name, i just saw red. and i know it makes no sense. whitney told me there could never be anything between you two. i just want to get things back on track for us.

character3: yeah. yeah, i do, too, theresa. i mean, i -- listen, i really want to be in a committed relationship with you. really, i do. i can't promise you that it's going to happen momorrow, but i want to give it a shot.

character5: i do, too.

character3: good.

eve: oh, god, i'm trapped, and i can't get out of here.

t.c.: all right, slime bucket, where's my wife?

liz: we know she's here, julian. we saw her car hidden in the bushes outside.

character2: i have no idea what you're talking about. why on earth would eve be here?

t.c.: you tell me. why would she be here?

liz: don't deny it, julian. we saw her car.

character2: that was a mistake, then. it must've been a car that looked like hers. you're wife is not here.

t.c.: you're a damn liar!

character2: t.c., stop it!

t.c.: i warned you, crane. i warned you so many times to stay away from my wife!

character2: eve is not here!

dr. ackland: all right. just about ready.

alistair: not quite.

dr. ackland: mr. crane, it's way too high. what are you trying to do, kill her?

alistair: just shut up and turn on the juice.

dr. ackland: i can't believe you're doing this to your own daughter. it's monstrous.

alistair: hit the switch, or i swear i'll hook you up to this damn machine.

stage direction: sheridan breathes rapidly

character3: now, would you please tell me where they took the blond woman?

extra: that's nothing like the way you kissed the blond, buster.

character3: what?

extra: now, do it like you mean it.

stage direction: sheridan scream

character3: sheridan!

little ethan: why do you look so sad, fox?

character3: you know, sometimes, a guy's got to make sacrifices for the woman he loves, you know?

little ethan: "sacrifices"? what does that mean?

character3: sacrifices is like -- it's like when you give up something that you want, the one thing that you want more than anything so that someone else can be happy. it's the right thing to do. i know it is. if anyone deserves to be happy, it's whitney.

chad: all i'm asking for is another chance, whitney. let me prove to you that you can believe in love again -- our love.

character4: oh, you know what? i have a lot of things to sort out, chad.

chad: about you and me?

character4: about a lot of things.

character5: i think that we can be good together. don't you?

character3: i think we can go for it.

character5: ok. hey. so how'd it go out there? is everything ok

character4: yeah, yeah, i guess so.

character5: you guys are going to get back together?

character4: i don't know.

character3: yeah, why don't i go ahead -- i'm going to go outside and give you guys some time to talk.

character5: so, you and chad are going to get back together?

character4: i told you, theresa. i don't know.

character5: i know you love him, and he loves you, too. i just wish you'd give him a chance.

character4: how can i do that, theresa, when he lied to me?

character5: not telling you that he was married to latoya was wrong, yes, and he explained that, but he had no idea that she never filed those divorce papers.

character4: no, look, honey, it's a lot more than just that.

character5: i understand that you're having trouble with trust. i totally understand that. but remember what you guys had, whitney, the love that you shared. you can't walk away from that. you got to fight for it. you've got to believe in the power of love.

character4: no, no, i think you mean the power to hurt. yeah.

character5: this is definitely not just about you and chad.

character4: no. no, you're right. it isn't. it's about my mother and julian.

character5: whitney --

character4: you know, i can't get over what i saw. i saw them in each other's arms. now, if my mother can throw away the relationship she had with my father, throw away all that love, then how can i ever believe in love, huh?

eve: oh, god, i'm trapped, and i can't get out of here.

t.c.: all right, slime bucket, where's my wife?

liz: we know she's here, julian. we saw her car hidden in the bushes outside.

character2: i have no idea what you're talking about. why on earth would eve be here?

t.c.: you tell me. why would she be here?

liz: don't deny it, julian. we saw her car.

character2: atat was a mistake then. it must have been a car that looked like hers. your wife is not here.

t.c.: you're a damn liar!

character2: t.c., stop it!

t.c.: i've warned you so many times to stay away from my wife! bastard, i know you're lying. where's my wife? tell me where she is!

character2: calm down! eve's not here!

t.c.: you're a damn liar. i saw her car. i know she's here!

character2: i don't know where eve is. now get out!

t.c.: i'm not going anywhere until you tell me where my wife is.

eve: i can't let this happen. i can't let t.c. kill julian.

character2: your wife is not here. i don't know where she is.

t.c.: you're lying, crane!

liz: this is it, stster dear. t.c. is finally going to figure out what a slut his wife really is.

character2: eve is not here! i told you!

t.c.: you think i'm going to believe a lying word out of your mouth?

hank: luis.

character3: hank, i see you made it to the drugstore with our friendly orderly there, huh? it's nice hair.

hank: luckily he got beeped and had to help out with a patient, or he would have redesigned my uniform next. next time you want me to keep someone occupied, make sure it's a female.

character3: listen, hank, we got problems. all right, look, i heard sheridan screaming. i got to get to her before it's too late.

alistair: you heard me. hit the switch again.

stage direction: sheridan screams

dr. ackland: that should be sufficient for the first treatment, mr. crane.

alistair: can you assure me that luis is now completely out of sheridan's mind, that everything about him has been erased from her memory?

dr. ackland: of course not.

alistair: i didn't think so.

dr. ackland: i told you, the process of obliterating someone's memory is going to take some time. it's not instantaneous. it's going to require an entire round of drugs and shock therapy to be administered until her memory is altered. this idea of it being done overnight is just not going to happen.

alistair: but i want it to happen, so you will expedite the process.

dr. ackland: mr. crane, a person's body and mind can only bear so much.

alistair: i'm not paying you to questoin me, dr. ackland. you will give sheridan another jolt.

dr. ackland: tomorrow.

alistair: now!

dr. ackland: that's out of the question. it's out of the question. you've already increased the voltage to a level that is much higher than i am comfortable with. if i hit her again right now, it could kill her.

alistair: that would take care of the problem altogether then, wouldn't it?

dr. ackland: this is your own daughter we're talking about.

alistair: a daughter whose relationship with luis lopez fitzgerald poses a threat to my empire. give her another jolt, now! that is a direct order.

stage direction: sheridan screams

extra: i would hold the hand of the one who could lead me places and kiss the lips of the one who could sing so sweet and i would fly on the wings of the bird i knew could take me highest breathe in, breathe out you keep me alive you are the fire burning inside of me you are my passion for life my hair is totally fried.come on.

character3: so you don't know how things stand between you and whitney?

chad: she won't give me a straight answer, man. i don't know what to do, fox. and i have no idea what it's going to take to get whitney back.

character5: whitney, do you know how crazy you sound right now? your mom and dad love each other. the most perfect couple in harmony. they adore each other.

character4: theresa, i definitely saw them in an embrace, and it looked to me like it was a whole lot more than just some --

character5: i know, but we went throught this, remember? my mom said that julian donated a huge amount of money to the hospital for a new wing, right? it's going to be named after your mother for all the good work that she's done there. and that's why your mom was hugging julian, because she was just excited, she was just grateful.

character4: i want to believe that story, theresa, but --

character5: it's true. i mean, what other explanation could there be? ok, your parents -- they're soul mates just like you and chad are. you got to believe that.

character1: theresa?

character5: hi, phyllis. don't tell me julian and rebecca found out that i sneaked onto the estate to see little ethan.

character1: oh, no. as far as i know, they have no idea. i just came to get little ethan.

character5: oh, yeah. i already put him asleep in the bedroom.

character1: oh. well, would it be all right ifif i went in and sat with him for a while?

character5: of course. yeah, i'll come with you.

character1: ok.

character5: phyllis? are you ok? you seem a little nervous.

character1: actually, there's quite a ruckus going on up at the mansion.

character5: ok, what kind of ruckus?

character1: it's coach russell and julian. they are really going at it.

character4: did you say that my father was at the mansion?

character1: yes, i did.

character4: yeah. what? what?

character1: and -- well, he and julian are having a terrible fight.

character4: oh, my god.

character3: we better get over there. come on.

character5: ok.

t.c.: i'm going to rip your head off!

character2: yeah, well, you should be arrested and thrown in jail!

t.c.: you won't be around to see it. you won't be around at all. where is my wife?

character2: i told you, she is not here. now, stop this madness and get out of my house.

t.c.: you're lying, crane.

character2: she is not here! now just go, t.c.!

t.c.: no, i'm not going!

ugh!

eve: get away from me, liz.

liz: you know what? i've got a feeling that t.c. is going to kill julian tonight. and if he does, it will be all your fault, eve -- all your fault.

character3: it's locked. hank, we got to find a way in here. i know that the screams came from this direction.

hank: you can't be sure it was sheridan. maybe it was some other woman.

character3: hank, i'm positive it was sheridan, ok?

hank: what are you going to do?

character3: i'm going to bust it open.

hank: hey, you're not even supposed to be here. you've been banned from the psych ward, luis. you get caught, you'll be arrested and thrown off the force.

character3: hank, look, we can't just walk away, all right? sheridan is in there, and she needs me.

hank: must be a serious lock on that thing.

character3: yeah, it's a double bolt. all right, there's got to be another way in here.

stage direction: sheridan screams

dr. ackland: the voltage is too high.

dr. ackland: she's still alive.

alistair: the girl's stronger than i thought.

dr. ackland: i'm going to get her back to her room.

alistair: what are you doing?

dr. ackland: i don't know want anyone to know what's going on down here.

alistair: leave it alone.

dr. ackland: well, if someone walks in here and sees this --

alistair: and sheridan is to remain where she is. we're not finished.

dr. ackld:d: dear god. no, no, i cannot give her another treatment right now. she'll never survive it. erasing someone's memory is bad enough, but i draw the line at murder.

alistair: you don't draw any line, doctor. i do. huh. very well, very well. you can put the equipment away, if you wish, but sheridan is to stay here in this room.

dr. ackland: why?

alistair: i want her isolated. no other patients or orderlies can see her until we complete the process. as of now, this area is closed off from the rest of the psych ward. no one should be able to find sheridan here, especially luis.

hank: any luck?

character3: well, i've already got the dead bolt. just can't quite get the tumbler on this one. oh, wait. there we go. come on. yes.

hank: another corridor.

character3: all right, sheridan's got to be down here somewhere. we got to find her, hank.

character2: stop it!

t.c.: you're not going to get away with this!

character2: she is not here! now, get out of my house!

t.c.: she is here.

character4: daddy!

character3: wait. stay out a second, chad.

character2: get out of my house!

t.c.: where is she? tell me where she is!

character2: she is not here!

t.c.: i want to know where --

character4: no, no, no, stop it! stop it, daddy! please stop. do not fight!

t.c.: whitney.

character4: please, you have to stop.

liz: it just gets better and better.

t.c.: all right, i'm calm. it's all over.

character4: ok, now, what is going on? what are you doing here?

t.c.: you don't want to know, whitney.

character4: what happened? what?

t.c.: i don't know if i can say this.

character4: just tell me, ok? just tell me, whatever it is. what's wrong?

t.c.: i never thought -- i never dreamed anything like this could ever happen, but julian -- julian is up to something with your mother.

character4: what do you mean?

t.c.: sweetheart, your mother's car is parked nearby. it's hidden in the bushes. obviously, she came up here

b be with him, and she didn't want her car to be seen.

character4: oh, daddy.

t.c.: i'm not blaming your mother, sweetheart. this is all his fault. he persuaded her somehow to come up here. god knows what he must have said to her.

character3: look, hold on a second. if she's here, where is she?

t.c.: damn it, i don't know, but i'm going to find her!

character3: she got to be here somewhere. another corridor.

hank: thislalace is like a maze. you sure this is where you heard the screams come from?

character3: yeah, i'm positive.

hank: it looks deserted.

character3: well, she's got to be down here somewhere.

dr. ackland: not as strong as i'd hoped. the last jolt may have been too much for her.

alistair: if it was, our work is finished.

dr. ackland: how can you be so heartless? sheridan is your daughter.

alistair: whose relationship with luis lopez fitzgerald is a threat to the crane empire. that's why her brain has to be totally washed clean of his memory. understood?

dr. ackland: yes, yes.

alistair: good. now -- now we're going back to your office, doctor.

dr. ackland: i want to stay with my patient.

alistair: you can check on her later.

dr. ackland: all right, take the back elevator, avoid anyone seeing us.

alistair: very wise.

character3: hank, it's locked. i'm telling you, sheridan is behind this door.

alistair: you're certain sheridan won't be discovered here.

dr. ackland: it's a rarely used area. there's no good reason for anyone to come down here.

alistair: well, see that no one does.

dr. ackland: i'll do my best.

alistair: not good enough. i deal in absolutes. if anyone gets to sheridan, you'll be held accountable, and then you'll be in for the shock of your life.

character3: almost got it. got it. oh, my god.

hank: are we too late?

character3: sheridan? sheridan? no.

extra: you are my passion for life

character4: daddy, what are you doing?

t.c.: i'm looking for your mother.

character2: i already told you --

t.c.: she has to be here somewhere.

character2: well, she isn't!

t.c.: you're lying. you are lying. i saw her car!

whitney's voice: oh, my god, i knew it. my mom and julian --

character5: coach russell, you can't really believe that dr. russell would actually come here to be with julian.

t.c.: theresa, her car is here. her car is hidden. why would she hide her car?

character5: i don't know, but there's got to be an explanation.

character3: yeah, of course. i mean, you said yourself you didn't see her, right?

t.c.: no, but she is here!

character5: ok, but where?

t.c.: i don't know, but i'm going to find her.

character2: look, you're making a mistake.

t.c.: you know what? i'm going to tell you to shut up!

liz: t.c., why don't you look over here.

t.c.: where?

liz: over here.

alistair: go easy on that.

dr. ackland: i just need to calm my nerves.

alistair: what you need is to keep your wits about you.

dr. ackland: i don't have any wits. they're gone. i have never done anything this despicable in my life, and i don't like it.

alistair: you like being named chief of psychiatry here, and you were well aware of the price tag that came with it when i gave you the job.

dr. ackland: i never imagined it would go this far. i thought you wanted me to commit sheridan. i didn't think you wanted me to erase the memory of some man from her brain.

alistair: not some man. luis lopez fitzgerald. he's the man i want expunged, deleted from my daughter's mind. he will never have existed for her. am i clear?

dr. ackland: what we're doing to her --

alistair: let me worry about that.

dr. ackland: i took an oath to heal people, not torture them.

isistair: the hell with your oath. you belong to me. i own you now, ackland. you do whatever i want whenever i want. your family? how beautiful. pity if something were to happen to them.

character3: sheridan? sheridan, no. please. she's alive.

hank: thank god.

character3: what the hell could have happened to her?

hank: you think it was drugs?

character3: no. no. i've seen her after ackland shot her up. this is totally different. sheridan?

character5: oh.

character3: sheridan, hey. hey. it's me. sheridan, it's luis. don't worry, you're going to be all right. hey, it's me.

character5: who are you? do i know you?

in winnipeg, it's the only way to stay warm. sponge hockey!

it's a canadian sport. you're supposed to be outside.

never too cold to play.

if you're gonna live in winnipeg, you're gonna play hockey.

why 3500 players are soaking up sponge hockey. tonight's global national.

character2: t.c. --

t.c.: get out of my way, crane.

character2: how many times do i have to --

t.c.: i told you to shut your mouth.

character2: or what are you going to do, attack me again? that won't change the fact that your wife is not here!

t.c.: you're a liar.

character4: don't bother, daddy. she's not here.

t.c.: what?

character4: mom's not here.

t.c.: how do you know that?

character4: because -- i'm the one who borrowed the car.

character5: ok, well, that's not true. whitney and i drove over here tonight.

t.c.: you took your mother's car?

character4: s.s. yeah. i borrowed it.

t.c.: but why, sweetheart? and why would you hide it? and what the hell were you doing at the crane mansion?

character4: well, because -- i mean, i knew you and mom would be angry with me.

t.c.: for what?

character4: because i came up here to meet chad.

t.c.: chad? chad is back in harmony?

character4: yes.

t.c.: you son of bitch.

character4: no, no, daddy, don't, don't! chad and i are back together, ok? i came here to be with him.

character3: wait a second. chad just told me that they're not back together.

character5: ok, whitney pretty much told me the same thing, so why is she lying?

eve: oh, god. my own daughter is lying for me.

alistair: are you deaf? didn't i just tell you to lay off the whiskey?

dr. ackland: we are running a terrible risk here.

alistair: do your job properly and there will be zero risk.

dr. ackland: what's to stop my staff from tttting suspicious?

alistair: of what?

dr. ackland: they're going to wonder why sheridan isn't in her room.

alistair: i have every confidence you'll come up with an explanation. but you have a point. even more reason to speed the process along.

dr. ackland: i'll do what i can.

alistair: you'll do what i tell you to do.

dr. ackland: it will take time, though. there is an upside to your wanting sheridan completely isolated. it's the only way we can be sure luis won't get to her.

alistair: my point exactly.

dr. ackland: i mean, after i had him banned from the psych ward, he still managed to get in to see he

alistair: lopez fitzgerald is not to be underestimated.

dr. ackland: i'm certainly not doing that. if sheridan sees him, we'll be right back to square one.

alistair: how so?

dr. ackland: seeing luis will trigger certain responses.

alistair: even though we're erasing him from her memory?

dr. ackland: until the process is 100% complete, if she sees him, it'll negate everything we've done. it'll be a total waste, worth nothing.

alistair: in that case, we have to be absolutely certain luis can't get anywhere near sheridan.

alistair: put me through to security. this is alistair crane. i want officers sent to the psych ward immediately. my daughter is to be put under 24-hour guard. no one is to get near sheridan unless i say so.

character3: sheridan?

character5: who are you?

character3: sheridan, it's -- it's me, luis.

character5: who?

character3: sheridan, luis. it's luis.

character5: luis --

character3: oh, my -- sheridan, what have they done to you?

character5: i don't know --

character3: you don't know who i am. hank, i told you. i told you they were doing things to her.

hank: well, what could they have done?

character3: i don't know.

hank: i'm going to go keep an eye out, see if anybody's coming.

character3: thanks.

character5: who -- who are you?

character3: sheridan, hey, it's ok. all right, i'm here. i'm going to take care of you, ok? i love you. it's luis. i love you so much.

character5: luis, i love you so much.

character3: i love you, too.

character5: luis --

character3: yes. sheridan, do you remember?

character5: luis.

character3: sheridan, it's all right. it's all right.

character5: luis, i'm so alone.

character3: shh. hey, sheridan, i'm here now, ok?

character5: i am so scared. you weren't with me.

character3: oh, sheridan, i was looking for you. i went to your room. you weren't there. they were trying to keep me away from you. no, they can't stop me. hey, now that i've got you, i'm never going to let you go, ok?

character5: luis, that's not what i mean. you were gone. you were gone from my heart.

character3: gone?

character5: i just had this big, cold empty hole in my heart.

character3: sheridan, i don't understand.

character5: neither do i, but you're back. i couldn't feel you, but you're here. yeah, but you were gone for a while. you were just gone.

t.c.: whitney, you can't be serious.

character4: look, i am. chad and i are back together.

t.c.: have you lost your mind? what about what happened back in los angeles? he lied to you about being married. his wife shot you, whitney. you could have been killed because of this bastard.

character4: look, i don't want to fight with you, daddy.

t.c.: for god's sakes, whitney.

character4: look, i've made my decision.

t.c.: no, we're going to talk about this.

character4: daddy --

t.c.: we're going to talk -- whitney, get over here.

character2: fox --

character3: hey, listen, what the hell is going on here? i know that whitney's lying. she didn't drive her mother's car here.

character2: be quiet and listen to me. i need you to help eve get out of here before t.c. finds out.

character3: so eve is here?

character2: she's trapped in the hallway.

character3: really? oh, i love it, i love it. you tell me to stay away from whitney, but you can't stay away from her mother. did you know that she's married?

character2: fox, not now. if you love whitney -- and i know you do -- you'll help her mother. if t.c. finds out that she's here, it'll destroy that family. now, don't let that happen. you help eve. thank you. i'll distract t.c. while you get her out of here.

t.c.: whitney, chad betrayed you.

character4: i've forgiven him.

t.c.: whitney, i don't believe this.

character2: all right, now, that's it. i -- i've really had enough. if you don't leave now, i'm going to call security.

character3: hey, listen now. we really got to get you out of here, ok? we'll go through the back way through the gym. no one's going to see you.

eve: no, i can't leave.

character3: we really got to get you out of here, ok?

eve: no. i can't leave whitney. she knows that i'm here.

character3: yes, she knows that you're here, but you know what? she lied so that we can get you out of here.

eve: oh, what must she think of me?

character3: yeah, you know, what's important right now is that coach russell doesn't see you, because as soon as he does, it's going to make things worse for whitney, ok?

eve: fox, this is all so unbelievably awful.

character3: yeah, listen, dr. russell, we've really got to get you out of here, ok?

eve: ok.

character3: ok. come on. follow me.

t.c.: you want me out of here? you don't have to ask me twice, because i despise this place.

character2: so you'll forgive me if i d'n't give you a proper sendoff.

t.c.: i don't forgive you for a damn thing, crane. come on, liz. whitney, let's get the hell out of here. let's go home.

character4: no, i'm going to stay here with chad.

t.c.: whitney, for heaven's sakes, you cannot be serious about this boy. he lied to you. you cannot have a relationship with somebody who lies to you, for someone that you can't even trust.

character4: yes, i know.

t.c.: then what? huh? young lady, we will talk about this when i get home.

character5: ok. what's going on?

character4: no, theresa, i was right. my mother was here with julian.

chad: whitney --

character4: no --

chad: no, i don't get any of this. theresa, what's going on?

character5: i'm not sure, chad, but it's just not good.

character5: it was awful, luis. i couldn't feel you. there was nothing in my heart. it was just cold and empty.

character3: now, just try and forget about all that, ok?

character5: please hold me.

hank: luis? luis? we've got to get out of here. i heard the elevator. somebody's coming.

character3: look, i'm not leaving sheridan, ok?

hank: there's no way we can get her past security.

character3: all right, fine. we try.

hank: luis, i know what you're thinking. you're thinking with your heart and not your head.

character3: come on. how the hell am i supposed to leave her?

hank: if you don't, you'll be arrested. you can't do her any good from jail.

character3: and what the hell is this?

hank: some kind of machine.

character3: yeah? well, what kind? for what?

hank: i have no idea.

character3: this thing -- it's old. i'm going to check this thing out.

hank: no time, luis. we hang out here, we're caught. you know, the best thing you can do for her right now is to leave. we'll work from the outside, find some way to get her out legally. if we take her, antonio or the authorities will have her put right back here.

character3: sheridan?

character5: what?

lucharacter3: sheridan -- i have to go now, ok?

character5: oh --

character3: but i'm going to find a way to get you out of here, though, ok?

character5: luis, get me out.

hank: luis.

character3: i'm going to get you out of here, ok? i promise.

hank: luis, they'll be here any second.

character3: do you understand me?

character5: you'll come back?

character3: as soon as i can.

character5: then go.

character3: sheridan, co here. hey, i want you to know i'm going to do whatever it takes, ok? i'm going to get you out of here. i promise. sheridan -- sheridan, i love you. all right?

character5: love you. i --

character3: now, i have to say goodbye now, ok? i love you so much.

hank: come on, luis.

character3: i love you.

d

character2: oh, eve. once i find our son, t.c. will know the truth. i hope you're prepared for what that will bring.

eve: hi, honey.

t.c.: eve, you're home.

eve: oh, yeah, i had to race to get dressed. you know, we're going out to dinner, remember?

t.c.: yeah. liz said that you had to go to the hospital.

eve: oh, i did, but i just had to sign some budget documents.

t.c.: so you didn't need your medical bag.

eve: no, fortunately, because my medical bag was in the back of the car, and i'd forgotten that i told whitney that she could borrow the car. so luckily, i was able to hail a taxi when i got outside.

t.c.: well, that explains it.

eve: explains what?

t.c.: you know what? never mind. i'm just so glad that you're home, honey.

liz's voice: you got away with it yet again, eve. but a cat has only so many lives, and yours are almost used up.

character5: whitney, ok, what's going on? what do you mean, you saw your mothewith julian?

character4: she -- she was there in the solarium just now. she was her. she was hiding so that my father couldn't see her.

character5: ok. all right. you know what? maybe --

character4: no --

character5: your mother wanted to talk to julian about the new hospital wing again, that's all, and she knows how much your dad hates him, so she was just trying --

character4: no, no more excuses, theresa. there is something going on between my mother and julian crane. i just know it.

character3: congratulations, man.

chad: what?

character3: you and whitney -- aren't you back together?

chad: are we?

character3: didn't she just say that you two are back together?

chad: man, i don't know what she's talking about. i mean, first, she tells me she needs time, that she's not ready to get back together with me, and then she announces to her father that we're a couple again. what the hell is going on, fox?

character3: yeah, i don't know. look, chad, whitney needs you right now more than ever, ok? so, just be good to her, all right? you'll answer to me.

chad: yeah.

character5: let me out. please let me out. please. please let me out.

dr. ackland: shh, shh, shh. all right, just relax now.

character5: don't do this to me.

dr. ackland: no, no, no. nobody's going to hurt you, all right? i just came by to make sure you're ok.

character5: please let me go.

dr. ackland: i'm sorry. that's just not possible right now. you eded rest. just close your eyes. close your eyes.

dr. ackland: just came by to check up on her.

alistair: why waste a trip? give her another treatment.

dr. ackland: uh -- another one would be too much. her body can't take it.

alistair: didn't you hear me? i said do it. think of your family.

character5: please, please don't. don't do this to me, please?

character3: i can't do it, hank. i have to go back and get her.

hank: that's just about the worst thing you can do right now.

character3: well, i have a really bad feeling about this, ok? and i'm telling you that sheridan is in danger. i can't just leave her here.

hank: we wouldn't stand a chance of making it out of here with sheridan.

stage direction: footsteps

hank: listen.

guard: i don't understand why we were taken off that other ward, either. but when the big man says "jump" --

second guard: "how high, sir?"

first guard: you got that right.

character3: you see? you see what i'm talking about? did you hear that? i'm telling you, something is going on here, and it's nothing good.

hank: something is definitely off. why would they be loading up on security?

character3: i'll tell you why -- becausofof alistair. he's trying to keep me away from sheridan.

hank: if you're right and alistair's pulling the strings here, even more reason you can't go back for her. if you're caught, alistair will have you arrested and have one of his judges put you in the slammer forever. then you'll never be any good to sheridan.

character3: i just pray i can get her out of here before it's too late.

character5: no. please, no.

stage direction: sheridan cries

alistair: let's turn it up another notch.

dr. ackland: no.

alistair: do it!

dr. ackland: dear god, forgive me.

stage direction: sheridan screams

character4: it's true. my mother's having an affair with julian crane.

character5: ok, that's just crazy, whitney.

character4: oh, really? then why was my mother hiding in the solarium while my father was beating up on julian? i saw her with my own two eyes.

character5: ok, all right, well, why did you say that you were the one who drove your mom's car here tonight?

character4: well, because i could not stand for my father to hear the ututh about my mother. no, no, not like that. he would have killed julian for sure and then gone to jail for murder. no, no, i wasn't going to do that.

character5: all right, julian and your mom -- i just -- i can't see it.

character4: look, i wasn't 100% sure at first, but now all the pieces fit together, all the times that i saw my mother and julian kissing and holding each other. now i know beyond a shadow of a doubt that it was my mom. my mother is having an affair with julian.

character5: all right, whitney, this is your mom we're talking about, ok? she loves your dad. she would never betray him. i don't know who you saw at the mansion, ok, but it couldn't have been your mom.

character3: no, it was, theresa. it was dr. russell.

character5: ok, fox, how do you know this?

character3: because i just drove her home from there.

t.c.: sweetheart, i should have known that you would have been home.

eve: oh, where else would i be? and where have you been?

liz's voice: the lies just roll right off your tong..

t.c.: well, believe it or not, the crane mansion.

eve: oh, for heaven's sakes, t.c., why would you go there? you hate being anywhere near the crane mansion.

t.c.: sweetheart, i really hate to tell you this, but hank saw your car speeding onto the crane grounds, and i thought that you went there without telling me.

eve: i don't understand.

t.c.: well, it doesn't matter, because whitney borrows your car, she went up there to see chad because chad is visiting ethan, and, honey, i owe you a huge apology.

eve: oh, for what, t.c.?

t.c.: because i thought it was you up there. i thought you were there. but i know you better than that. you would never do that. i'm just so mad that whitney hasn't come to her senses.

eve: please don't be mad at her, t.c.

t.c.: why not, honey? come on, i mean, hasn't she learned her lesson yet about chad? i mean, up there in l.a. -- i mean, now she's giving this boy a second chance.

eve: well, let's not talk about that tonight, honey. we're going to go out on our dinner date. i mean, we can still do that, right?

t.c.: yeah, sure, let's -- yeah.

eve: ok, so, where'd you make reservations?

t.c.: you know what? i got a better plan. how about if we stay home, i make you a home-cooked meal. pasta primavera. what do you think?

eve: great. yeah, that's great.

stage direction: phone rings

eve: russell residence.

character2: eve, it's me. i'm just out of my mind with worry. is everything all right with t.c.?

liz: o'o's on the phone, eve?

t.c.: who is it, sweetheart? is everything ok?

ethan: luis, what's up?

character3: it's about sheridan.

ethan: yeah, look, i may have found a way to get her out of that psych ward without antonio's or her doctor's permission.

character3: yeah? well, i hope so. ethan, i'm telling you, we got to get her out of that place before they kill her.

character5: help me.

dr. ackland: mr. crane, please understand. another jolt of electricity could damage her brainor life and very possibly kill her.

alistair: either way, she won't be thinking about luis anymore. again.

dr. ackland: i'm sorry. i'm sorry, but in all good conscience, i can't obey your instructions.

alistair: since when does good conscience have anything to do with anything? am i to understand that you don't give a damn what happens to your wife and children? because i will punish them r r insubordination. i'm surprised, dr. ackland. i always thought of you as a family man.

dr. ackland: this is your family. this is your flesh and blood. how can you do this to her?

alistair: enough with the chitchat. we've shot her full of enough drugs to dull her senses and numb at least some of the pain. do you want to turn on the juice, or shall i?

stage direction: sheridan screams

extra: i would hold the hand of the one who could lead me places and kiss the lips of the one who could sing so sweet and i would fly on the wings of the bird i knew could take me highest breathe inbrbreathe out you keep me alive you are the fire burning inside of me you are my passion for life  g

character5: ok, you just drove dr. russell home from the mansion?

character3: yeah, i did.

whity:y: now, do you believe me? there's only one reason my mother would have been in the solarium tonight hiding -- because she's having an affair with julian and she didn't want my father to find out about it. oh. what is happening to my life? to my family?

character5: ok, i mean, do you really believe this?

character3: look, i don't know. i don't know what the hell's going on, but, whitney, listen, i know this is painful, but, i mean, we should give your mom the benefit of the doubt for now and let her explain what she was doing, hu

character4: hiding in your father's house? cowering in a corner while my father nearly tore julian in two? you know what? if nothing bad was going on, then why didn't she just come out and show herself, explain what she was doing there in the first place? but, no, no, she even knew that i saw her there, and she let me lie to save her own skin. no, for her to do something like that, she is as guilty as hell! i feel like -- i feel like i don't even know my mother anymore.

t.c. sweetheart, who is it? you seem upset.

liz: do tell, eve. is there a problem?

eve: it's the hospital. they need to ask me a couple of questions about a patient that i was treating.

t.c.: well, i'll just go ahead and start dinner while you're on with them. liz, can i speak to you for a moment in the kitchen?

liz: sure.

eve: julian, you can't call me here.

character2: well, i tried your cell, but it wasn't on. i'm worried about you.

eve: oh, i'm all right.

character2: have you seen whitney since you left the grounds?

eve: no. not yet. i don't even know where she is. i still can't believe she lied for me that way.

character2: well, she loves you.

character4: oh, that's not why she did it. i think she covered for me so that t.c. wouldn't kill you. she doesn't want to see him go to jail for your murder.

character2: i'm sorry things turned out this way. i just wanted you to see a picture of our baby.

eve: oh, and i'm glad that i saw it. it just kills me that in seeing the picture of our son tonight i may have lost my daughter. i have to go.

character2: what are you going to tell whitney when she gets home?

eve: oh, it's not what i'm going to tell whitney. it's what she's going to say to me and to t.c.

ethan: what are you talking about? that sheridan could be killed?

character3: look, ethan, i just came from that hospital. i'm telling you, whatever treatment they're giving sheridan, it isn't right. now, she looks terrible.

ethan: luis, who wouldn't? i mean, she's been cooped up. i mean, everything she's been through --

character3: look, it's more than that, ok? now, you just tell me whatever we have to do to get sheridan out of that place.

ethan: all right, it's not exactly a legal precedent, but it's more like a tiny loophole we could squeeze through.

character3: look, whatever it takes, all right, i'll do it. you just tell me.

ethan: all right. for starters, what i do is i file a motion called review of procedure. i mean, this basically puts sheridan's case in front of a board. they then determine if dr. ackland is pursuing the proper form of treatment.

character3: yeah, well, he's not. now, sheridan should have never been committed to a mental ward in the first place.

ethan: look, i know you feel that way, but unfortunately, antonio, her husband, feels differently.

character3: yeah, well, is there anything that he can do to stop this motion from being filed?

ethan: no. no. and i'm going to file it first and then inform him that i've done it.

character3: all right. how soon can you get the ball rolling? i don't want sheridan to spend one more minute in that place than she has to.

ethan: well, i tell you what, if we hurry, we can have it filed before the courthouse closes.

character3: great. i'll give you a ride in my squad car. it'll be faster.

ethan: right.

character3: look, i'm telling you, etn,n, i'm going to die if anything happens to sheridan.

ethan: it seems your brother feels the same way, huh?

character3: yeah, well, obviously, he doesn't or he would have never had her committed in that hellhole in the first place. come on, let's get her out of there.

antonio: excuse me. i'm looking for my wife, sheridan lopez fitzgerald. where is she?

extra: oh, i don't know, sir. she's not my patient. try the nurse at the front desk.

antonio: she's gone. where could sheridan be?

stage direction: sheridan screams

dr. ackland: please, god, forgive me.

stage direction: phone rings

alistair: yes, gina.

gina: antonio's at the hospital. he's looking for sheridan.

alistair: antonio's here? i'll take care of it.

dr. ackland: the husband -- the husband's in the hospital? what if he finds out what we're doing?

alistair: how did you ever become a physician with nerves of jelly? i'll take care of antoni you just continue with my daughter's treatment.

dr. ackland: mr. crane, she's so -- she's so weak from the shocks you've already given her. i don't think her body can withstand any more.

alistair: don't stop until you've erased every thought of that lowlife latino policeman from her brain. do you understand?

dr. ackland: yes, sir.

character5: please. no more. no more, please.

dr. ackland: i'm sorry. he said he'd hurt my family.

stage direction: sheridan screams

character3: anything else you need me to sign?

ethan: that should do it. we should get the motion filed now.

character3: great. ethan, look, i really appreciate everything you're doing, all right?

ethan: all right.

character3: i'll be at the hospital.

ethan: all right. listen, if you manage to get in to see sheridan, just tell her i love her, we're doing everything we can to get her out.

character3: yeah. if she understands a word i'm saying.

ethan: what do you mean?

character3: let's just say that the longer she's in that place the more i feeheher life's in danger.

ethan: you mean, like more than you did before?

character3: look, ethan, when i went to see her at the hospital, all right, she was in this weird little room. it was off in the wing of the -- i don't even think that this room had been used for years.

ethan: what kind of room?

character3: i don't know. i found sheridan, she was completely out of it, she was lying there on this table. she didn't even know who i was at first.

ethan: you mean like a recurrence of her amnesia?

character3: no. no, ethan, this is different. look, let's just say that the longer she's in that place, all right, the more that i feel that her life is in danger.

ethan: right. all right, then we need to get this thing filed immediately.

character3: look, i'm going to the hospital.

ethan: ok, good luck. let me know how she's doing.

character3: yeah, if i get close enough to her to find out. look, if i see antonio, i'll try and talk to him, let him know the best place for sheridan's at home.

ethan: just be careful, all right? the last time you guys talked one of you almost ended up dead.

alistair: anything i can help you with, antonio?

antonio: yeah. where the hell is my wife?

alistair: oh, calm down, son. she's with her doctor.

antonio: at this hour? all right, where are they?

alistair: one of the therapy rooms, i suspect.

antonio: therapy? nobody told me anything about any therapy tonight. why don't you tell me what's going on, alistair?

alistair: oh, for heaven's sakes, antonio, don't let the latino-irish temper of yours get the best of you. it's a good thing sheridan's not in her room. you'd only upset her.

antonio: you know what? i'm going to be fine, but i want to see my wife. i want to know that she's getting better.

alistair: of course she's getting better. but it doesn't happen overnight. at this very moment, i imagine dr. ackland is helping her express her conflicted feelings about you and your brother luis. if you want your marriage to my daughter to get back on track, let the doctor do his job so that sheridan can clear her head.

character5: please, stop.

stage direction: sheridan whimpers

dr. ackland: i can't. i can't. no. no, if he'll do this to his own daughter, there's no doubt what he'd do to my family.

stage direction: sheridan screams

antonio: did you hear that? that sounded like sheridan.

alistair: what? in this great big hospital with god knows how many patients? you're clearly a man in love with his wife, but i sincerely doubt that was sheridan's voice.

antonio: no. no, that sounded like sheridan. what are they doing to her in here?

stage direction: sheridan screams ve gettin' together

extra: you are my passion for life

liz: you know, t.c., it seems like you're very busy. why don't we talk tomorrow?

t.c.: no, because i want to get this over with before the day is done.

liz: t.c., now, if this is about earlier tonight, i still think that eve --

t.c.: liz, will you just stop it, please, ok?

liz: i am trying to help you.

t.c.: no, you're not. you're trying to cast doubt on my wi e's fidelity, and i don't appreciate it. now, i know you felt that i led you on, but i'm sorry. it won't happen again. now, i want you to stop this. i want you to back off from eve once and for all. do i make myself clear?

liz: yes.

eve: i love you, t.c. but will you love me enough to forgive me when whitney tells you what she saw tonight?

liz: i wouldn't count on it.

eve: just get away from me, liz. you tried to undo my marriage tonight, but it didn't work.

liz: only because whitney saved your sorry behind. but who's to say she'll continue to lie for you when she comes home tonight? you know, i wouldn't be a bit surprised if she waltzed in here and told t.c. that you were in the crane solarium after all and that she saw you with her own eyes.

character5: ititney, now, listen to fox. give your mom the benefit of the doubt, at least until you talk to her.

character4: i don't want to talk to her. i don't feel like she's my mother anymore. look, i appreciate the two of you for what you're trying to do, but i got to get out of here. i need to think about all this.

character5: well, you know what? i'm going to come with you.

character3: yeah, i'll come, too.

character4: no. i need to be alone.

character4: how long has my mother been cheating on my father? well, you know what? it can't go on for any longer.

alistair: hold on there, antonio. i'm quite certain that wasn't sheridan's voice.

antonio: you know what? you keep saying that, but how in the hell would you know? you haven't even spent any quality time with your daughter lately.

alistair: true enough. a sad fact of life that i intend to correct in the future. however, i know that couldn't have been sheridan because i just passed the woman who was screaming. e'e's in one of the rooms down the hall. i was concerned enough about her that i asked the nurse what was wrong. apparently, the poor thing suffers terribly from migraines.

antonio: no, that sounded like sheridan, and i'm going to find her.

alistair: and shorten her session with dr. ackland for no good reason? i would have thought you'd want to hasten her recovery, not keep her confined in here any longer than necessary.

antonio: of course i don't want to keep her here. i'd like her to be at home.

alistair: then why not let dr. ackland do his job?

antonio: why t the lights keep flickering?

alistair: hmm. faulty wiring, no doubt. i'll have to increase my endowment to the hospital so they can bring the electrical system up to standard. why don't you go on home now? i'll tell dr. ackland you'll be back to see sheridan tomorrow.

antonio: no. i'm not going anywhere until i see my wife.

alistair: of course, i understand how difficult this is for you, but your wife really does need some time alone if she's ever to rid herself of her demons.

antonio: i don't think she's ever going to get over the loss of that baby.

alistair: oh, i think she will with the appropriate medical treatment. i can't tell you how much i admire the courage you've shown in doing the right thing for my daughter.

antonio: well, i just hope so.

alistair: oh, there's no question. from everything i've seen, dr. ackland's therapy is amazingly effective. you could almost call it electrifying.

stage direction: sheridan screams

dr. ackland: my god. i think i killed her.

woody: ethan, my man, what's the plan?

ethan: woody. hey, i didn't see you there.

woody: well, maybe your head is in the clouds. i hope your friend theresa ain't wearing no shrouds.

ethan: woody, i wasn't thinking about theresa, ok? i was thinking about someone else who i care about, and she's in trouble.

woody: oh, anyoyou didn't come to the stumpster for help?

ethan: yeah, well, woody, forgive me, ok, but i really don't have time. i got to get this motion filed before the deadline.

woody: you're sure this isn't about your ex? last time i looked, she had you under her hex.

ethan: look, woody, not that i don't really admire your rhyming ability, i really don't have time.

woody: or maybe you just don't want to admit that that pretty young thing is still under your skin. one minute, she's out, the next, she's back in.

ethan: look, for the last time, i do care about theresa. i always will. as a matter of fact, this motion is about her brother and the woman that he loves.

woody: right, right, say no more. woody knows the score.

ethan: i tried to help theresa win custody of little ethan because he's my godson, not because i still have the hots for his mother.

woody: yeah. yeah, you keep saying that. maybe, maybe it will become true. see, woody knows better, because woody knows you.

ethan: i got to go.

woody: you think this is all about helping theresa's brother with the woman he loves. when will you realize this is about the woman you still love?

character5: hey, fox?

character3: hmm?

character5: let's make a promise to one another to always be honest about our real feelings.

character3: it's easier said than done, right?

character5: yeah. tell me about it, right? that's how i made a mess of things with ethan, you know? i was still too afraid to level with him about difficult situations, but i'm not going to make the same mistakes with you.

character3: so where are you going?

character5: hmm.

character3: what are you doing?

character5: let's not waste our time alone together. you know, i think that there could be some champagne in the fridge. and you like jazz, right?

character3: yeah, i love jazz.

character5: ok. i wanted to say thank you for, you know, not giving up on me. another guy would have just washed his hands of me when i kept mooning over ethan. so that now that i got him out of my system, you and i have a chance at a relationship. well, i'm just going to go get that champagne, ok?

character3: ok.

character5: ok.

character3: man. how do i give this thing with theresa a fair shake when it's whitney i'm really in love with?

stage direction: car door closes

liz: oh, whitney's home.

eve: no. it's just our neighbors.

liz: oh, this time. but whitney will return. and when she does, the fur is going to fly and you will finally get what you deserve.

eve: i know that it was you that got t.c. all riled up so that he came to the crane mansion looking for me. and you were eavesdropping on my phone call with julian, weren't you, liz?

liz: and what if i was? your sins are a lot worse, eve. you just can't stand that they're about to come out. unless, of course, you think you can stop whitney from telling her father that he married a whore.

character2: oh, if whitney tells t.c. she saw her mother here -- i must do something.

character4: damn you. leave my mother alone!

character3: tonio.

antonio: what are you doing here? the nurses' desk has specific orders not to let you in here.

character3: yeah, i don't give a damn about the orders. nothing's going to stop me from seeing sheridan.

antonio: why? what concern of this is yours?

character3: i'll tell you something, antonio. something weird is going on with sheridan's therapy.

antonio: i thought something was as well, but you know what? i'm not really concerned about it anymore.

character3: why? well, is she back in her room now?

antonio: no she's not. she's in a private therapy session with dr. ackland.

character3: yeah, what exactly does he do to her in those sessions?

antonio: what do you mean, what does he do to her? you make it sound like he's doing some kind of medieval torture on her.

character3: yeah, how the hell do i know he isn't?

antonio: listen, why don't you quit trying to be a knight in shining armor to my wife? maybe you're just scared that when sheridan gets better she's going to realize that she wants to stay married to me.

character3: no, i'm not scared of that at all, because i know that sheridan loves me, and i think you know that, too, don't you?

antonio: you know what? if you're so sure about that, why don't you give sheridan some space? why don't you let her clear heher mind? or maybe you feel threatened about that, too. maybe you don't want her to make an honest choice between me and you.

dr. ackland: my god. god, i think i killed her. my god.

alistair: is there a problem?

dr. ackland: i don't care what you do to me, mr. crane. only a monster would murder his own daughter like this.

alistair: then she's dead.

dr. ackland: i'm trying to find a pulse. ok, it's there, but it's very weak.

alistair: better luck next time.

dr. ackland: what is wrong with you?

alistair: me? if i were you, i'd be more concerned with sheridan's condition. have you at least managed to wipe any trace of luis lopez fitzgerald from her brain?

dr. ackland: it's hard to know what's left of her brain at this point. we won't know anything until she wakes up.

alistair: get her back to her room so her husband stops pestering me with questions. but i'm telling you right now, if she's still thinking about luis when she comes to, we'll be having more sessions.

dr. ackland: mr. crane, please. for the last time, this is your daughter. this is your family.

alistair: i'm doing all this to protect my family, and i'll do whatever it takes to keep my daughter and that lover of hers apart, even if she has to die in the process.

character2: please let me explain.

character4: explain? explain that you've been sleeping with my mother? a woman that i thought was a decent person. do you know this is going to kill my father when he finds out that she's -- she's a slut, she's nothing but a common slut.

character2: don't talk about your mother like that.

character4: oh, oh, no, you, the one who got her to cheat on my father, you're a perfect person to defend her, right? you know, i used to think that everybody was wrong about you. that time we spent in the elevator shaft? it must have all just been an act, right? because you don't possess one shred of decency.

character2: you remember i saved you that night in the elevator. you owe me the chance to explain what you saw here tonight.

character4: oh, i don't want to hear one lying word out of your mouth, or my mother's, because you and my mother deserve each other, because you are a rotten bastard and she's a whore! she's nothing but a whore!

stage direction: whitney cries

character2: no, whitney!

character4: why? why did my mother do this?

eve: back off, liz.

liz: fine by me. i'm not the person that you need to worry about anymore. oh, any minute now, everything's going to fall apart for you. if i knew that if i could just wait long enough you would do yourself in, and that's exactly what's happened.

eve: shut up, liz! i mean it! just shut up!

t.c.: what's going on? are you two fighting?

character3: there's nothing i want more than for sheridan to be well. now, you're just mad because sheridan chose to be with me.

antonio: i'm the one she loved enough to marry, remember?

character3: yeah, i already explained to you how that happened. now, look, antonio, i'm sorry that you were hurt, ok? but the fact is sheridan is going to be with me, ok? and nothing or no one is going to keep us apart.

antonio: yeah, i tell you what, we'll see about that.

character3: yeah, you're damn straight we will. you know, i'm just sorry you're taking out your insecurity on sheridan by keeping her here.

antonio: i'm keeping her here because this is how she's going to get better. now, you may not agree with that, but the doctor does, and so does her father.

character3: her fa-- alistair doesn't even give a damn about her. you know, in fact, he's tried to kill her more times than i can even count.

antonio: oh, come on, luis. yeah, the guy may be cold and aloof, but it's his daughter we're talking about. i mean, he's not going to try to hurt her.

character3: well, you don't even knowhahat the hell you're talking about. sheridan? now do you believe me, huh? now do you believe that alistair has his own daughter's best interests at heart?

stage direction: music plays

character5: you know, you're an incredible dancer.

character3: thank you. you're not so bad yourself.

character5: you know, i -- i should have known that you and i were meant to be that night we won that dance contest in l.a. it was like we were made for each other, you know, the way we just fit.

character3: you are an amazing woman, theresa.

character5: you think so?

character3: i definitely think so. and since we've agreed to be honest with each other, i'm going to start now. i have to say you're also incredibly sexy, and i think -- wow -- i think any guy would be crazy not to want you.

character5: ok, well, then this is your lucky night, because it is you who is going to have me.

ethan: what was that woody said? "maybe you just don't want to admit the pretty young thing's still under your skin. one minute, she's out, the next minute, she's in." he's crazy. i do not love theresa the way that he thinks i do.

hahan: oh, my god.

t.c.: what is going on with you two?

liz: eve is stressing about whitney.

t.c.: well, that makes two of us. the idea of her taking your car, going up to the crane mansion to be with that two-bit punk -- you know, sweetheart, we need to talk to her together about this.

liz: t.c., that's really not what i meant.

eve: i couldn't agree with you more, t.c.

t.c.: but we're not going to do it tonight, ok? you are doing exactly what you told me not to do -- was stressing over whitney and chad. now, tonight, we should be concentrating on a very nice quiet evening together. we'll talk about all this stuff tomorrow. now, dinner's going to be ready soon. and, liz, you have to excuse me, but we didn't include you.

liz: oh, no. no. don't worry about me, t.c. i'll just stay and keep eve company while you're finishing up. then i'll head up to the apartment. i have a frozen dinner i can make in the microwave.

t.c.: well, next time we'll all eat together.

liz: next time it will be me, t.c., and the girls, and you'll be the one nuking your dinner. that is if you're not on some soup line.

eve: get over yourself, liz. everything is going to be fine. everything is going to be ok.

liz: do you really think so, after seeing the look on whitney's face tonight? oh, no. i think she is capable of exposing you at any moment. and it's your fault, really. you raised her to be a young woman of deep integrity. so after seeing what she saw tonight, she will not keep lying for you.

character2: please let me tell you what you walked in on here tonight.

character4: no, no, i meant what i said before. i don't want to hear any more of your lies. i just want to know one thing. why did you have to do this to my family? we never did anything to hurt you. right? i mean, what? was it my mother? when did she first come on to you? i mean, why couldn't you just push her away omom you?

character2: stop blaming your mother. none of this is her fault.

character4: oh, oh, right. you forced her into it. i think you're forgetting that i saw the two of you kissing, and it didn't look to me like she was doing anything against her will. you know, i don't even know why i covered for her tonight. i should have just let my father kill you. but you know what? it's not going to happen again, because as soon as i get home, i'm going to tell my father what i saw tonight -- that my mother was hiding. it's about time he finds out what i've been suspecting for weeks -- that you and my mother have been sneaking around having an affair behind my father's back. and this time, when he tries to kill you, i am not going to lift a finger to stop him.

antonio: she looks terrible.

character3: sheridan? sheridan, can you hear me? what have they done to you?

antonio: sheridan, i'm here, ok?. you're going to be all right.

character3: and how would you know? look at her, antonio. she looks half dead. you know, i'm telling you, something's going on around here. i'm going to find out what it is.

antonio: oh, well, you know what? not from here you're not. i want you to take a good look at her, because you're the reason that she's in here.

character3: the hell i am.

antonio: the truth is, is you haven't given sheridan a moment's peace since she was rescued from being kidnapped. you've been hounding her 24/7. nobody's had any time to spend with her -- not me, not her friends, not her family --

character3: that's because sheridan wanted to be with me.

antonio: no, luis, sheridan was so weak, and all you did was play on her vulnerability. that's it.

lu:: you know, if you believe that --

antonio: well, i believe it. you're the one who's got the slanted view here. all you've been doing is playing on the trauma that she's been through. that's why she still thinks that beth's baby's hers.

character3: who's selling you this bill of goods, antonio? who's telling you that sheridan staying in this hellhole is the only thing that's going to make her better? because if it's alistair, then you better take a good long look at what's in it for him, because he does not have sheridan's best interests at heart. in fact, it's quite the opposite. he'd just as well see sheridan dead.

dr. ackland: looks like the one brother's on to you, mr. crane.

alistair: do i look worried to you? it's too late for luis to come to sheridan's rescue this time. if sheridan hasn't already lost her memory completely, a few more shock treatments will surely do the trick.

character3: so if you love sheridan as much as you say you do, then help her. you're the only one who can save her, antonio.

character5: i'm glad that we decided to try to be a couple.

character3: you are beautiful. you're so beautiful.

character5: as beautiful as the mystery woman you were smitten with for so long?

character3: theresa --

character5: yes?

character3: you're the woman in my life now, ok? that other woman is gone.

character5: you know, i thought --

character3: you thought what?

character5: never mind. the other woman is in your past, just like ethan is for me.

character3: yes, and it's time we both look to the future, try to make a go of it, right?

character5: yeyeah. it's time to forget about our past and the people we once loved.

ethan: i can't let theresa be with fox. i can't let her think i'm jealous, either. i'll come back later. damn it, antonio needs to know that luis is going to court toto try to get sheridan out of that psych ward. i got to go in. forgive me, theresa, but i can't let you know that i've been working behind the scenes to help you get little ethan back. and i can't stop you from being with fox, ruining your life, but i sure as hell can try.

liz: hit a nerve, didn't i, eve? because you know that whitney is going to come home from the mansion and tell t.c. the truth -- that you were with julian tonight after all.

eve: would you shut up, liz!

liz: shut up? it's all i can do not to shout it from the rooftops. you raised whitney to be upfront and honest, and the very values that you instilled in her are going to ruin your life. you see, your eldest daughter has just learned that her mother is not the saint of harmony, that you are nothing but a cheap, cheating slut!

character4: i'm going to tell my father the truth, that you and my mother are having an affair.

character2: whitney, please, wait. now, you don't know the whole story.

character4: i know that my father doesn't deserve to be treated the way you and my mother are doing -- going behind his back, playing him for a fool?

character2: that's not the case, i assure you.

character4: like i would believe a word you have to say.

character2: believe this -- your mother has done nothing wrong.

character4: no, you're a liar.

character2: not when it comes to eve. now please give me a chance to explain the situation before you go running to t.c.

character4: no, no. i'm going to tell my father what's going on with you and my mother right now!

dr. ackland: ahem. my goodness. officer lopez fitzgerald, what are you doing here? did you forget you've been barred from seeing sheridan?

character3: i'll tell you something. you should be behind bars for what you've done to sheridan.

dr. ackland: i don't undetatand.

character3: why don't you look at her? why don't you look at her? she looks horrible. sheridan, can you hear me? sheridan --

antonio: luis, why don't you just leave her alone, all right? dr. ackland knows what he's doing.

dr. ackland: your brother's right. i'm afraid i must ask you to leave now.

character3: well, i'm not going anywhere. i'm not going anywhere until i find out what you and alistair are doing to sheridan.

antonio: you know what? it's none of your business, luis you know, i want him out of here now.

character3: would you look at her, antonio? look, are you going to tell me that you love her and you're not going to tell me that something's wrong?

character5: oh --

character3: sheridan, are you all right?

character5: oh --

character3: what the hell have you done to her, alistair? what the hell have you done to sherin?n?

stage direction: sheridan groans

extra: i would hold the hand of the one who could lead me places and kiss the lips of the one who could sing so sweet and i would fly on the wings of the bird i knew could take me highest breathe in, breathe out you keep me alive you are the fire burning inside of me you are my passion for life

stage direction: knock on door

ethan: hello?

character3: ugh.

character5: it's ethan.

character3: yeah. great. whatosossible reason could my half brother have for being here? let's find out. what do you want?

ethan: i came by to talk to antonio about sheridan.

character5: antonio's not here.

ethan: i can see that, but you two are. why is that?

character5: antonio said i could use the cottage as a place where i can see my son. fox brings little ethan down from the mansion to be with me.

character3: any more questions, counselor?

ethan: no. none that i don't already know the answers to.

character5: so, are you going to run and tell rebecca what i'm doing?

ethan: no.

character5: how am i supposed to believe that?

ethan: i didn't stop fox and whitney from bringing little ethan to you at christmastime. i'm not going to start now.

character5: good. we'll tell antonio that you stopped by.

ethan: i need to give him some documents. and since he's not here, i should leave a note explaining to him what they are.

character5: whatever, ethan.

ethan: i saw whitney earlier. is she ok?

character5: where did you see her?

ethan: at the mansion. she was headed to the solarium to talk to julian. i called to her, but whitney didn't hear me.

character3: oh. you know, i should probably go check on her --

character5: mm-hmm.

character3: make sure she doesn't do something that she's going to regret, you know?

character5: ok, i'm going to clean up and head home, then.

character3: ok. we'll catch up later?

character5: ok.

character3: ok.

character5: thank you for being such a good friend to her.

ethan: fox is no good for you, you know. you shouldn't be with him.

character5: shut up, ethan. fox is a good man. he's not a lying, two-faced bastard like you!

character2: wait, don't do this. listen to me. if you go to your father with accusations about your mother, it will destroy your family.

character4: oh, no, mr. crane, you and my mother are destroying my family by carrying on together.

character2: as i said, you don't know the whole story.

character4: oh, i know enough. oh, you know what? i think i know what this is. you're afraid that my father is going to kill you when he does find out the truth about this, right?

character2: well, it's true i don't relish the thought of being attacked by your father again. but that's not the reason i don't wa y you going to him and telling him you saw eve here earlier.

character4: really?

character2: yes, really. i don't want to see eve devastated and her life ruined. please, please don't hurt your mother. please don't hurt eve.

eve: just shut up, liz. stop badgering me about whitney.

liz: well, she should be home before long -- feeling angry, betrayed, disillusioned.

eve: no, just -- just shut up, will you?

liz: do you think you'll have time for a last supper with t.c. before she storms in here and tells him that you're a liar and a cheat?

eve: no, i -- maybe i can -- can talk to her first. i can explain to her --

stage direction: liz laughs

liz: yeah, right, that'll work.

eve: will you just shut up!

liz: you know, i think the only way that you're going to get a few more hours of marital bliss with t.c. is if you guys change your plans and you do go out for dinner. that way you won't be here when she ge h home.

t.c.: our romantic dinner for two is almost ready. any special requests for dessert?

liz: just deserts in your case.

eve: t.c., i think that we should go out for our date.

t.c.: go out? why? you don't want to stay home tonight?

guard: you called, dr. ackland?

alistair: this man is causing a disturbance, threatening both dr. ackland and myself. get him out of this hospital and escort him off the grounds immediately.

guard: but he's a cop.

alistair: just do it.

character3: you can't let them do this, antonio! sheridan needs your help!

antonio: she's my wife. i can take care of her.

character3: you're no match for alistair.

alistair: my son-in-law and i both want at's best for sheridan.

character3: you liar. i'll get sheridan out of here, you know. sheridan, i'll get you out of here!

character5: no! no!

stage direction: dr. ackland and alistair laugh

dr. ackland: ooh!

character5: stop. oh, please -- somebody help me! please. help me! please, somebody help me! please! somebody help! please! help me! help me!

character2: whitney, please hear me out -- not for my sake, but for your mother's.

character4: she's just as guilty as you are.

character2: no, she's not. and if you go to your father and tell him what you saw here tonight, it will ruin their marriage, it will destroy your family, and that's not what eve wants. your mother loves you and t.c. and simone so very much.

character4: then why is she cheating on my father with you? hmm?

character2: your mother and i are not having an affair, i swear it.

character4: ok, can you stop lying to me, please? because i saw you two tonight, and i saw you before, kissing at the mansion.

character2: again, you don't have alththe facts!

character3: hey, what's all the yelling about, huh?

character2: i'm trying to make her realize that it would be a mistake to tell t.c. what she saw here tonight.

character4: i am not making a mistake. what you're doing with my mother is horrible, do you know that?

character2: i am not doing -- i am not doing anything.

character4: you're a liar. i saw you two together!

character2: look, son, would you please try to make her understand that if she tells t.c. that eve was here earlier, it will be a huge mistake, one that she will regret for the rest of her life.

character4: ok, fine. fox, do you think it's a mistake to be honest? huh? i mean, do you think it's ok that your father and my mother are having an affair, and i'm not supposed to tell my father the truth? are you the kind of man that thinks it's ok to lie and cheat in a relationship?

eve: well, i don't care what we do, t.c. -- stay home or go out -- as long as we just have a nice evening together.

t.c.: well, i cast my vote for us to stay here.

liz: well, how sweet. isn't he sweet, eve?

t.c.: yeah, well, i'm going to get back in there and finish up this dinner and make a very surprise dessert.

liz: oh, eve lives for surprises. don't you, eve?

t.c.: like i said, liz, this evening is for us. i want to share a very romantic moment with my wife tonight.

liz: of course, t.c. i was just leaving to go to the garage apartment.

liz: the clock is ticking, eve. when whitney gets home, you'll lose everything.

sam: luis, what's going on?

ivy: yes, luis, you look beside yourself.

character3: i just came from the hospital. i was getting into it with antonio over sheridan when suddenly she was wheeled out on a gurney.

ivy: a gurney?

character3: sam, she looked half dead. she was in terrible pain.

sam: my god. what happened?

character3: that's what i'd like to know. the lights flickered, i heard a scream, and then sheridan was wheeled out.

sam: what does antonio think?

character3: you know, he's convinced that dr. ackland and alistair are looking out for sheridan's best interest, so he just goes along with everything they say.

ivy: excuse me -- alistair is in on this?

character3: yeah.

ivy: that's not good, luis. that's not good at all.

sam: i agree.

character3: i know, ok? look, i know that sheridan has had some problems, but there's no way that she -- she needs to be locked up in a psych ward, ok? look, i'm telling you, i got a good mind to go back in there later, guns blazing, and break sheridan the hell out of there.

character5: no. stop. someone help me! please --

antonio: shh, sheridan, sheridan, you're not in any danger, ok?

dr. ackland: it's time to get sheridan back to her room so she can rest before her next therapy session.

antonio: not soasast. you know, luis was right about sheridan being so weak and in pain. now, i want to know what kind of therapy you two are giving my wife.

alistair: antonio, rel. as i told you, dr. ackland is treating sheridan with psychotherapy. they've been talking about her feelings.

antonio: she doesn't look like somebody who's been pouring her heart out. she looks like somebody who's been abused, even tortured. now, i want to know what kind of therapy you've been giving her, and i want to know now! 8 =

extra: you are my passion for life

character5: just mind your own business and stay out of my life.

ethan: i just can't stand by and watch f t take advantage of you. he's a user, theresa.

character5: no, he's not, ethan. unlike you, who betrayed me, who stabbed me in the back over custody of my own son, fox has been here for me and little ethan.

ethan: he's pretending to care.

character5: look who's talking. little ethan is your godson, your namesake. but you took julian and rebecca's side over mine. you don't even care if i get my son back or not. d d worse, you're helping rebecca to see that i don't.

ethan: you've got it all wrong.

character5: do i, ethan? because i begged you to help me, but you wouldn't. so how do i have that wrong?

ethan: look, if you want to hate me, hate me.

character5: i do.

ethan: fine. but don't get together with fox to get back at me.

character5: this isn't about you, ethan. the relationship i'm starting with fox is about fox and me.

ethan: he's a playboy and he'll use you.

character5: he's changed.

ethan: nobody changes!

character5: you did! you changed from a loving, caring man to an uncaring bastard.

character4: well, fox, answer my question.

character3: whitney, come on. you know i don't condone cheating or lying in a relationship, right? much less a marriage. i mean, i grew up watching my father cheat on my mother. hell, they didn't even bother lying about it. t t look, now having said that, whitney, i'm not sure you have enough evidence to go to your father and tell him that you think your mom's having an affair with my dad. i mean, come on, you're not even sure that it was them you saw kissing that one time, you know?

character4: but i thought i did, remember? and now it makes sense that they were. why else would my mother be spending so much time with your father, huh?

character3: well, to discuss the new hospital wing that he's having donated in her name.

character2: yes. that's all it was.

character4: then why was she in here hiding before?

character2: because t.c. hates me with a passion, and she knew how furious he'd be if he found out about the donation, and angrier still if he knew that she was here discussing it with me.

character4: and i'm really supposed to believe that?

character2: you're too upset to accept the facts of the matter.

character4: no, no, i'm not. no, because the look on my mother's face when i caught her hiding wasn't fear. it was guilt.

character2: whitney --

character4: guilt over cheating on my fath.. you know, it's like she cheated on my whole family, and that's why daddy and simone deserve to know the truth about my mother, and there's nothing that either one of you can do to stop me from telling her.

character3: hey, whitney, at least let me drive you, ok?

character4: that's fine, but can you please just take me home right now?

character3: yeah, we'll go.

character2: fox, you can't let her do this. it'll destroy eve. that's the last thing i want.

character3: yes, i know. i know. after all, you did marry rebecca to protect dr. eve, right? all right, look -- i'm going to do what i can, ok? but whitney's strong-willed. she's going to do whatever she wants, regardless of what i say. oh, and by the way, you might want to think about getting the hell out of dodge. once t.c. russell finds out about this, you know he's going to kill you, right?

character2: i don't give a damn what happens to me. it's eve i fear for. whatever will she do?

sam: luis, you can't go in like the cavalry and break sheridan out of the psych ward. we're officers of the law. we don't operate like that.

character3: well, i'm going to do something to get her out of there.

ivy: well, isn't there some other way?

character3: ethan filed some legal motion. it's called a review of procedure.

ivy: ok, what's that?

character3: sheridan's doctor has to defend her being isolated and contained, everything else.

sam: good for ethan.

ivy: yeah, our son is a really good lawyer. if anybody can get her out, ethan can.

character3: well, yeah, but this could take weeks. all right, and that's if we can find a judge who isn't in alistair's back pocket, and i just don't think sheridan can make it.

sam: look, luis, i know you and antonio have had your differences, but your brother genuinely loves sheridan. he would never let anything happen to her.

character3: sam, look, he's the one who had her committed in the first place, not to mention the fact that he goes along with everything that alistair says.

ivy: luis, i don't like the sound of that.

character3: neither do i. what the hell is alistair doing there? he's got an interest in shididan all of a sudden?

ivy: it's good question.

sam: darn good.

character3: i'm starting to think this is one of alistair's attempts to keep us apart again.

alistair: watch yourself, antonio. i'm on your side, you know.

antonio: oh, yeah? are you?

alistair: you're too smart to be fooled by me, but still, you don't want to anger me.

antonio: come on, alistair. i'm not scared of you. all i'm concerned about is sheridan's safety. i just want to make sure that she's all right. her health and happiness mean more tmeme than anything else in this world.

alistair: i believe you. that's why i want sheridan to get the treatment she deserves, treatment that will lead her back to you, antonio. and that's what she's getting, isn't she, doctor? now, if you'd like to discuss this like a civilized man, back away from me and dr. ackland will explain sheridan's therapy. because we both know that if you take sheridan out of here now, you have no chance of being with her. she'll run to luis, and you'll have to live with the fact that the woman you love is sharing your brother's bed for the rest of your life. now, please explain to my son-in-law what you're doing with sheridan.

dr. ackland: well, why don't you tell him, mr. crane?

alistair: because i'm not a doctor. i don't understand all the nuances of psychotherapy.

antonio: what's going on here? are you two hiding something?

alistair: absolutely not.

dr. ackland: sheridan's -- sheridan's treatment is -- well, it's complicated.

antonio: you know what, i don't care. if you two are on the up-and-up, you better tell me what kind of therapy she's getting, and you better tell me now!

with orthopaedic surgery, the international standard is a six month wait. in just one of our provinces, it's 18. can ottawa make it better? kevin newman's there to find out. the first ministers conference. on tonight's global national.

ethan: well, uh -- gus s i should go.

character5: yes, you should.

ethan: i was just trying to help you, you know. you seem dead-set on ruining your life by getting involved with my little half bro.

character5: first of all, ethan, i'm not ruining my life. and second of all, why do you care? you turned your back on me. you deserted me when my son and i needed you most. ok, so why do you care what happens to me now?

ethan: because there was a time in our lives -- twice, actually -- when we were going to be married. i'd have to have ice in my veins not to care about you.

character5: ok, you know, just stop. stop. ok, stop pretending like you care about me and my futur not after you erased yourself from it.

ethan: don't you remember everything that we shared?

character5: why should i, ethan?

ethan: because if things had been different, we'd be together now.

character5: ok, but they're not. i'm with fox and you're with gwen.

ethan: still, i will always wish you nothing but happiness, and i will always want the best for you. and no matter how much time passes, no matter how many slights we may feel from each other, there is a connection here, and it'll never be broken.

ethan: theresa, please. fox -- he's bad news and you shouldn't be with him.

character5: really, ethan?

ethan: really. you can't count on him. he's not going to be there for you when you really need him.

character5: fox isn't going to be there for me when i really need him? you mean like how you weren't there for me when i really needed you to help me fight for custody of my son?

ethan: we're not talking about me. we're talking about fox.

character5: fine, ethan. let's talk about fox. he moved mountains for me. he sacrificed his financial future for me. he bailed me out of jail so i could spend time with my son. it's you who hasn't been there for me and my son, ethan. now get the hell out of here and leave me alone!

character3: whitney, hold on a second.

character4: why? what's wrong?

character3: just -- just take a minute and make sure this is really what you want to do.

character4: fox, it is what i want to do. my father desees better than this. he deserves to know that my mother has been lying to him, that she broke faith, that she's been betraying him and our whole family. so, please -- please, can you just take me home?

character3: ok.

character4: i still can't believe my mother did this. i can't believe she did this to our family.

character3: come on.

character2: oh, god -- eve, i have to do something. i have to warn you that i couldn't stop whitney. i can't call your home. it's too risky. t.c. -- our son. my son with eve. the truth about our past, our love, was certain to come out eventually, but not like this. i have to warn you, eve. i have to warn you that our moment of reckoning is at hand.

t.c.: dinner is ready. i even reserved a special table for you. allow me.

liz: before long, t.c., you'll look across the table at me, your beautiful bride.

stage direction: phone rings

t.c.: i got it.

stage direction: ring

t.c.: hello? hello? who is this?

liz: whoever it is, i know that eve knows time is running out. by fox.

character5: ok, fox would have to stab me in the back and break my heart in order to hurt me as much as you have. now, get out!

ethan: you hate me if you want. just don't trust him.

character5: stop, ok? fox has been wonderful. you are the lying traitor in all this. now go! the sight of you makes me sick! damn you, ethan. damn you.

sam: look, luis, you probably won't want to hear this, but as your friend i have to say it. look, you need to accept that for now antonio is still sheridan's husband. look, he loves her very much and he's only doing what he feels is best for sheridan right now. and maybe her being in the psych ward is what's best for her.

character3: no, it's not. the hell it is, sam.

sam: look, luis, just hear me out, ok? look, the bottom line is you're a cop, sworn to uphold the law, not take it into your own hands. you can't do anything illegal like bust into the psych ward with guns blazing to free sheridan. look, all you can do right now is wait for ethan's motion to be heard by the court, anhope that in the meantime antonio does right by sheridan.

character3: no. there's no way, sam. antonio has been away from harmony for too long. he doesn't know all the horrible things that alistair has done, especially to sheridan. you know, he thinks that the old man is trying to do right by his daughter. well, he's not. in fact, he hates his daughter, and he always has ever since he blamed her for his wife's death.

ivy: you're right about that, luis. alistair hates sheridan, his own daughter, with a passion that we will never be able to understand. julian told me that katherine di p prematurely. her health was in decline way before sheridan was even born, but giving alistair a second child just exacerbated her condition. and for all of his wealth and power, alistair wasn't able to save katherine. and somehow his anger and frustration at losing katherine got all twisted up, and now he blames sheridan. sheridan is a living reminder of his dead wife. you know, it's -- it's as if he blames sheridan as much for being alive as he does for katherine's death. and my point is that, well, i could see alistair rationalizing killing sheridan as avenging katherine's death.

character3: it's not like he hasn't tried before. sam, you know i blame him for that boat explosion in bermuda.

ivy: i wouldn't be the least bit surprised. anyway, antonio may not be able to fathom a father hating his own child, but you know it's true, luis. so if you love sheridan, then you had better get to that hospital and get her out of there tonight.

antonio: answer me. what are you two doing to sheridan?

dr. ackland: sheridan's last therapy session caused her a great deal of pain, so i gave her a very strong sedative to help her relax afterwards. now, sometimes it takes the drug some time to detach the pain from the patient's mind. and in the interim, they can have nightmares. that's why sheridan was crying out earlier. nightmares.

alistair: well, i'm relieved to hear it, as i'm sure you are, antonio.

antonio: so that's all it was? just nightmares?

dr. ackland: exactly. exactly. now, with this intensive therapy and drug treatment, sheridan will eventually come to grips with reality and accept the fact that her baby is dead. and that will leave her free to explore her feelings for the men in her life, which is why i'm glad you're here forer, antonio. i know that she loves you very much.

antonio: did sheridan say that?

alistair: dr. ackland can't betray a patient's confidence, but without luis around to influence her, i'd wager her true feelings are surfacing. why don't you take sheridan back to her room, antonio? stay with her. be there when she wakes up.

antonio: i'll do that. one more thing. if i find out that you've lied to me or that you've hurt sheridan, i'll kill you both. i swear it.

character5: why am i crying over ethan? he doesn't care about me and my son. he doesn't give a damn about us. that's it. i'm not going to waste my tears on a selfish, heartless man. he'd never cry over me. never.

ethan: i'm doing everything i can to help you. don't throw your life away on fox. please.

t.c.: hello? hello? who is this? whoever it was, they just hung up. "private caller." i wonder who this was.

liz's voice: one guess, t.c.

t.c.: you know what, liz really had me going earlier about julian. you know, for one moment, i thought it was him calling for you. i read somewhere that when you start hearing hangup calls, that means your spouse is cheating on you. you would never cheat on me, especially with someone like julian crane.

eve: t.c., can we go eat now? i'm just starving.

t.c.: baby, your wish is my command. come on.

liz: star 69, my new best friend.

stage direction: phone rings

julian.: hello? hello?

liz: so it was julian calling you, eve. i wonder why.

character2: as long as t.c. is with eve, i can't warn her that whitney's going to tell her about us. all i can do is pray that eve can handle whitney, stop her from telling t.c. the truth.

character3: whitney, wait a second, wait a second. look, before you go in there, just stop and take a deep breath, ok? think of what you're really doing here.

character4: i know exactly what i'm doing, fox. i'm going to tell my father the truth about my mother and your father -- that they're having an affair.

sam: luis, don't let what ivy said about alistair drive you to do something stupid. even if alistair has influenced antonio, it can only be up to a point. now, you know your brother loves sheridan. he'd never let anything happen to her.

ivy: i'm not saying he would. i am saying that if alistair is involved in sheridan's commitment in any way, then she is in real trouble.

character3: my gut tells me the same thing.

ivy: no matter how much antonio loves sheridan, even if he thinks he's doing what's best for her -- if alistair is involved, then she is in terrible danger.

sam: ivy, don't get luis worked up, ok? you know --

ivy: , , i am not. i am not. sam, i am telling you the truth. alistair is a master manipulator. he will say anything, do anything to get what he wants. he cheated us out of our love so that i would marry julian and breed heirs for his filthy empire. that man is evil. he is pure evil, and i know firsthand. now, you listen to me, luis. sheridan -- if you love her -- and i know that you do love her -- then you had better get her out of that hospital tonight and away from alistair before it's too lat

antonio: sheridan, i'm sorry you're having to go through all this -- therapy, this room -- but it's for your own good.

dr. ackland: shock therapy treatments you forced me to give sheridan have put her life in jeopardy. she could die.

alistair: i'd rather see my daughter dead than with luis. how dare sheridan think she's entitled to a lifetime of love and happiness when she's to blame for my wife's death.

dr. ackland: what?

alistair: never mind. just keep doing what you're doing. i don't see a downside to these treatments. sheridan forgets about loving luis or she dies. either way solves my problem.

character5: luis. good afternoon - if you don't have to head out on the roads today...it's a good idea to stay home. the snow that's been falling all day has created very slippery conditions...lots of accidents around town. the cold weather isn't letting up much either... and once again, firefighters were called out today to battle a house fire and the bitter cold. . and hundreds of laid off levis workers in our city are looking for new careers today at a big job fair.

character4: i know what's going on, and it's about time my father knew it, too.

rebecca: theresa is trespassing, so i am going to call the police and have her arrested.
